the reason i found myself finally unmoved by this film , which is immaculately produced and has serious things to say , is that it comes across rather too plainly as allegory .	0
it's sweet . . . but just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end .	0
by the end of no such thing the audience , like beatrice , has a watchful affection for the monster .	1
however stale the material , lawrence's delivery remains perfect ; his great gift is that he can actually trick you into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny .	0
somehow both wildly implausible and strangely conventional .	0
that jack nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend .	1
hey , happy ! is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it's a love story as sanguine as its title .	1
this is no " waterboy ! "	0
it's one of those baseball pictures where the hero is stoic , the wife is patient , the kids are as cute as all get-out and the odds against success are long enough to intimidate , but short enough to make a dream seem possible .	0
a comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .	1
if the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals , it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material .	1
despite these annoyances , the capable clayburgh and tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .	1
represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen .	0
doesn't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez .	0
this romantic/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .	0
aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash . stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by dustin hoffman that is revelatory .	0
the film has a kind of hard , cold effect .	1
show me the mugging .	0
a savage john waters-like humor that dances on the edge of tastelessness without ever quite falling over .	1
meyjes' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil .	1
an ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ; sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance .	0
what the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance .	1
kenneth branagh's energetic sweet-and-sour performance as a curmudgeonly british playwright grounds this overstuffed , erratic dramedy in which he and his improbably forbearing wife contend with craziness and child-rearing in los angeles .	0
obstacles are too easily overcome and there isn't much in the way of character development in the script .	0
films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days . seen in that light , moonlight mile should strike a nerve in many .	1
abysmally pathetic	0
biggie and tupac is so single-mindedly daring , it puts far more polished documentaries to shame .	1
a work of the utmost subtlety and perception , it marks the outstanding feature debut of writer-director eric byler , who understands the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy .	1
i spied with my little eye . . . a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits	0
looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito's way .	0
. . . if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you're in for a painful ride .	0
a very long movie , dull in stretches , with entirely too much focus on meal preparation and igloo construction .	0
scherfig's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky .	1
cremaster 3 is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression .	1
it's one of the most honest films ever made about hollywood .	1
villeneuve spends too much time wallowing in bibi's generic angst ( there are a lot of shots of her gazing out windows ) .	0
part of the film's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz .	1
a somewhat crudely constructed but gripping , questing look at a person so racked with self-loathing , he becomes an enemy to his own race .	1
'butterfingered' is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .	0
what makes how i killed my father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is fontaine's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .	1
this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come .	1
a yarn that respects the marvel version without becoming ensnared by it .	1
it aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .	0
a bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort .	0
hilarious , acidic brit comedy .	1
it's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all .	1
you're not merely watching history , you're engulfed by it .	1
the film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of america's indigenous people , but really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get .	0
this movie may not have the highest production values you've ever seen , but it's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .	1
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place .	0
. . . strips bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults .	1
i suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd .	0
the stunning , dreamlike visuals will impress even those viewers who have little patience for euro-film pretension .	1
a fun ride .	1
it's a long way from orwell's dark , intelligent warning cry [1984] to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation .	0
unless bob crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film's impressive performances and adept direction aren't likely to leave a lasting impression .	0
a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs . robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women .	0
what can one say about a balding 50-year-old actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log ?	0
henry bean's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect	1
as refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream .	1
kwan makes the mix-and- match metaphors intriguing , while lulling us into torpor with his cultivated allergy to action .	0
attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama . he seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither .	0
the whole thing plays like a tired tyco ad .	0
a simple , but gritty and well-acted ensemble drama that encompasses a potent metaphor for a country still dealing with its fascist past .	1
the irony is that this film's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own .	0
this one is not nearly as dreadful as expected . in fact , it's quite fun in places .	1
" freaky friday , " it's not .	0
this ready-made midnight movie probably won't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun .	1
if anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .	1
a well-intentioned effort that's still too burdened by the actor's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .	0
compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen , runteldat is something of a triumph .	1
scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . yes , soar .	1
aimed squarely at the least demanding of demographic groups : very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters .	0
a film of precious increments artfully camouflaged as everyday activities .	1
this examination of aquatic life off the shores of the baja california peninsula of mexico offers an engrossing way to demonstrate the virtues of the imax format .	1
they're going through the motions , but the zip is gone .	0
as plain and pedestrian as catsup--	0
overall the film feels like a low-budget tv pilot that could not find a buyer to play it on the tube .	0
if all of eight legged freaks was as entertaining as the final hour , i would have no problem giving it an unqualified recommendation .	0
muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .	0
if you can read the subtitles ( the opera is sung in italian ) and you like 'masterpiece theatre' type costumes , you'll enjoy this movie .	1
majidi gets uniformly engaging performances from his largely amateur cast .	1
represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema .	1
a fast-paced , glitzy but extremely silly piece .	0
teen movies have really hit the skids .	0
i hate this movie	0
a long-winded , predictable scenario .	0
writer/director david caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza .	1
the picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain .	0
it's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert .	0
beautifully produced .	1
this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .	0
though nijinsky's words grow increasingly disturbed , the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature .	1
it's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that's actually sort of amazing .	1
it's worth seeing just on the basis of the wisdom , and at times , the startling optimism , of the children .	1
think of it as gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch .	1
thirty years ago , it would have been groundbreaking . now it's just tired .	0
on the right track to something that's creepy and effective . . . it's just going to take more than a man in a bullwinkle costume to get there .	0
but this is not a movie about an inhuman monster ; it's about a very human one .	1
i'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : this erotic cannibal movie is boring .	0
dialogue-heavy and too cerebral for its own good -- or , at any rate , too cerebral for its racy subject matter .	0
the 3-d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry .	1
possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio .	0
one key problem with these ardently christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out .	0
peter jackson has done the nearly impossible . he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper . what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery	1
despite the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot , moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair . . .	0
this filmed tosca -- not the first , by the way -- is a pretty good job , if it's filmed tosca that you want . i'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper .	1
over-the-top and a bit ostentatious , this is a movie that's got oodles of style and substance .	1
frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances . . . keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease .	1
plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv's dawson's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story .	0
the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality .	0
spend your benjamins on a matinee .	1
cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .	1
despite its flaws . . . belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .	1
a playful iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences .	1
a baffling misfire , and possibly the weakest movie [woody allen] has made in the last twenty years .	0
an elegant work , food of love is as consistently engaging as it is revealing .	1
more intimate than spectacular , e . t . is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .	1
at its best when the guarded , resentful betty and the manipulative yet needy margot are front and center .	1
criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama .	0
slap me , i saw this movie .	0
gondry's direction is adequate . . . but what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman's script .	1
a beautifully observed character piece .	1
a powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution .	1
as an actress , madonna is one helluva singer . as the mediterranean sparkles , 'swept away' sinks .	0
. . . best seen as speculative history , as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse as a creative sequel to the warren report .	1
nair just doesn't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .	0
a film with a great premise but only a great premise .	0
there are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores , and the stars seem to be in two different movies .	0
the film is quiet , threatening and unforgettable .	1
this is a happy throwback to the time when cartoons were cinema's most idiosyncratic form instead of one of its most predictable .	1
[n]o matter how much good will the actors generate , showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .	0
despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow , the weight of water is oppressively heavy .	0
while it's genuinely cool to hear characters talk about early rap records ( sugar hill gang , etc . ) , the constant referencing of hip-hop arcana can alienate even the savviest audiences .	0
a highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it .	1
gaghan . . . has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story .	0
though frida is easier to swallow than julie taymor's preposterous titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .	0
the symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees . i wanted more .	1
you live the mood rather than savour the story .	1
it's the kind of movie that , aside from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brothers and a few others , our moviemakers don't make often enough .	1
a long-winded and stagy session of romantic contrivances that never really gels like the shrewd feminist fairy tale it could have been .	0
ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay .	0
this is nothing but familiar territory .	0
. . . the story , like ravel's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .	1
a dashing and absorbing outing with one of france's most inventive directors .	1
it's everything you don't go to the movies for .	0
for devotees of french cinema , safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .	1
manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it .	1
the film virtually chokes on its own self-consciousness .	0
it is , by conventional standards , a fairly terrible movie . . . but it is also weirdly fascinating , a ready-made eurotrash cult object . it is also , at times , curiously moving .	0
provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .	1
there is not an ounce of honesty in the entire production .	0
legendary irish writer brendan behan's memoir , borstal boy , has been given a loving screen transferral .	1
as a director , eastwood is off his game -- there's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot 'surprises' are really surprising .	0
one of those rare , exhilarating cinematic delights that gets even better in hindsight , as you mull over its every nuance in your mind .	1
it may seem long at 110 minutes if you're not a fan , because it includes segments of 12 songs at a reunion concert .	1
tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house but instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel .	0
forced , familiar and thoroughly condescending .	0
exploring value choices is a worthwhile topic for a film -- but here the choices are as contrived and artificial as kerrigan's platinum-blonde hair .	0
metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .	1
there's just no currency in deriding james bond for being a clichéd , doddering , misogynistic boy's club .	0
largely a for-fans artifact .	0
the name says it all . jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set .	0
the movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter 'uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie .	0
looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights .	0
a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm .	1
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market .	0
. . . too slow , too boring , and occasionally annoying .	0
some decent actors inflict big damage upon their reputations .	0
the casting of von sydow . . . is itself intacto's luckiest stroke .	1
imagine the cleanflicks version of 'love story , ' with ali macgraw's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes .	0
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws igby goes down may possess , it is undeniably that .	1
resident evil isn't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv , sugar hysteria , and playstation cocktail .	0
blade ii has a brilliant director and charismatic star , but it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation .	0
a highly spirited , imaginative kid's movie that broaches neo-augustinian theology : is god stuck in heaven because he's afraid of his best-known creation ?	1
about schmidt is nicholson's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear .	1
. . . a rather bland affair .	0
. . . quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks .	1
poignant and moving , a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .	1
an opportunity missed .	0
consists of a plot and jokes done too often by people far more talented than ali g	0
proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness .	0
overall very good for what it's trying to do .	1
the longer the movie goes , the worse it gets , but it's actually pretty good in the first few minutes .	0
combining quick-cut editing and a blaring heavy metal much of the time , beck seems to be under the illusion that he's shooting the latest system of a down video .	0
hardly makes the kind of points egoyan wanted to make , nor does it exist as the kind of monument he wanted to build , to victims whose voices have never gained the ears of the world .	0
an uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening .	0
while most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world .	1
the continued good chemistry between carmen and juni is what keeps this slightly disappointing sequel going , with enough amusing banter -- blessedly curse-free -- to keep both kids and parents entertained .	1
blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden .	1
chamber of secrets will find millions of eager fans . but if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .	0
vaguely interesting , but it's just too too much .	0
this idea has lost its originality . . . and neither star appears very excited at rehashing what was basically a one-joke picture .	0
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling . . . recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .	1
. . . a weak , manipulative , pencil-thin story that is miraculously able to entertain anyway .	1
has all the poignancy of a hallmark card and all the comedy of a gallagher stand-up act .	0
at times , the suspense is palpable , but by the end there's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential .	0
this story of unrequited love doesn't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .	0
it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction .	0
though the film's scenario is certainly not earthshaking , this depiction of fluctuating female sexuality has two winning lead performances and charm to spare .	1
i was sent a copyof this film to review on dvd . for free . i still want my money back .	0
béart and berling are both superb , while huppert . . . is magnificent .	1
predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell .	1
dark and disturbing , but also surprisingly funny .	1
this is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .	0
too clunky and too busy ribbing itself to be truly entertaining .	0
so relentlessly wholesome it made me want to swipe something .	0
disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .	0
it's one pussy-ass world when even killer-thrillers revolve around group therapy sessions .	0
provides an intriguing window into the imagination and hermetic analysis of todd solondz .	1
this fascinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful .	1
dark and unrepentant , this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten .	1
boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas .	0
kept aloft largely by a comically adept ensemble .	1
despite its good nature and some genuinely funny moments , super troopers suffers from a bad case of arrested development .	0
unfortunately , neither sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate .	0
wishy-washy .	0
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message .	0
the nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .	0
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing i can say is that i can't remember a single name responsible for it .	0
hard to resist .	1
like schindler's list , the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .	0
a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it	1
harris commands the screen , using his frailty to suggest the ravages of a life of corruption and ruthlessness .	1
a generic international version of a typical american horror film .	0
woo's fights have a distinct flair . his warriors collide in balletic explosion that implies an underlying order throughout the chaos .	1
the director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in [the characters'] misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .	0
an imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie .	0
the chocolate factory without charlie .	0
all in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that don't really care for the candidate they're forced to follow .	1
kinnear and dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers .	1
for all the wit and hoopla , festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .	1
feels untidily honest .	1
an engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary .	1
jose campanella delivers a loosely autobiographical story brushed with sentimentality but brimming with gentle humor , bittersweet pathos , and lyric moments that linger like snapshots of memory .	1
efficient , suitably anonymous chiller .	1
crossroads feels like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama .	0
barry sonnenfeld owes frank the pug big time	0
what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .	1
no film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .	0
an ugly , pointless , stupid movie .	0
a good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground .	0
it is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film .	0
effective but too-tepid biopic	1
what makes this film special is serry's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .	1
a comic gem with some serious sparkles .	1
adam sandler's 8 crazy nights is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .	0
evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking .	1
reggio's continual visual barrage is absorbing as well as thought-provoking .	1
a crisply made movie that is no more than mildly amusing .	0
the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .	0
the real triumphs in igby come from philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who couldn't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron .	1
the movie feels like it's going to be great , and it carries on feeling that way for a long time , but takeoff just never happens .	0
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script . . . that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .	0
this is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy .	0
worth watching for dong jie's performance -- and for the way it documents a culture in the throes of rapid change .	1
trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the " gadzooks ! "	0
cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio .	1
'de niro . . . is a veritable source of sincere passion that this hollywood contrivance orbits around . '	1
" the kid stays in the picture " is a great story , terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this cliff notes edition is a cheat .	0
lazily directed by charles stone iii . . . from a leaden script by matthew cirulnick and novelist thulani davis .	0
despite her relentless vim and winsome facial symmetry , witherspoon is just too dialed-up to be america's sweetheart .	0
there's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .	1
just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer .	1
not since freddy got fingered has a major release been so painful to sit through .	0
the movie's quiet affirmation of neighborhood values gives it an honest , lived-in glow .	1
the problem is not that it's all derivative , because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes . the problem is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .	0
not completely loveable -- but what underdog movie since the bad news bears has been ? -- but certainly hard to hate .	0
equal parts bodice-ripper and plodding costume drama .	0
while its careful pace and seemingly opaque story may not satisfy every moviegoer's appetite , the film's final scene is soaringly , transparently moving .	1
schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms . mirren , who did ) , has succeeded beyond all expectation .	1
in its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as jiri menzel's closely watched trains and danis tanovic's no man's land .	1
deflated ending aside , there's much to recommend the film .	1
this is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade .	1
what kids will discover is a new collectible . what parents will suspect is that they're watching a 76-minute commercial .	0
producer john penotti surveyed high school students . . . and came back with the astonishing revelation that " they wanted to see something that didn't talk down to them . " ignoring that , he made swimfan anyway	0
a virtual roller-coaster ride of glamour and sleaze .	1
as tricky and satisfying as any of david mamet's airless cinematic shell games .	1
it's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .	1
deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance .	1
what sets this romantic comedy apart from most hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material .	1
thin period piece .	0
the film's plot may be shallow , but you've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots .	1
. . . unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .	0
worth seeing just for weaver and lapaglia .	1
if you are an actor who can relate to the search for inner peace by dramatically depicting the lives of others onstage , then esther's story is a compelling quest for truth .	1
throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .	1
like leon , it's frustrating and still oddly likable .	1
for those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough .	1
a compelling , moving film that respects its audience and its source material .	1
" bad " is the operative word for " bad company , " and i don't mean that in a good way .	0
this clever caper movie has twists worthy of david mamet and is enormous fun for thinking audiences .	1
this is a great subject for a movie , but hollywood has squandered the opportunity , using it as a prop for warmed-over melodrama and the kind of choreographed mayhem that director john woo has built his career on .	0
. . . could easily be called the best korean film of 2002 .	1
the format gets used best . . . to capture the dizzying heights achieved by motocross and bmx riders , whose balletic hotdogging occasionally ends in bone-crushing screwups .	1
tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to liyan's backyard .	1
will probably stay in the shadow of its two older , more accessible qatsi siblings .	0
scooby dooby doo / and shaggy too / you both look and sound great . / but daphne , you're too buff / fred thinks he's tough / and velma - wow , you've lost weight !	0
piccoli's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm's-length in the film seem irritatingly transparent .	0
britney spears' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction .	0
meant for star wars fans . it is there to give them a good time .	1
the problem is that rather than dramatizing this premise , mr . desplechin is content to state it .	0
. . . delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story .	0
overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper .	0
parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material , but his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone . . . that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story's core .	0
a boring , formulaic mix of serial killers and stalk'n'slash .	0
lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .	0
even if it ultimately disappoints , the picture does have about a matinee admission's worth of funny to keep it afloat .	0
holds limited appeal to those who like explosions , sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp .	0
a masterful film from a master filmmaker , unique in its deceptive grimness , compelling in its fatalist worldview .	1
. . . the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning .	0
the sundance film festival has become so buzz-obsessed that fans and producers descend upon utah each january to ferret out the next great thing . 'tadpole' was one of the films so declared this year , but it's really more of the next pretty good thing .	1
escaping the studio , piccoli is warmly affecting and so is this adroitly minimalist movie .	1
the tale of tok ( andy lau ) , a sleek sociopath on the trail of o ( takashi sorimachi ) , the most legendary of asian hitmen , is too scattershot to take hold .	0
the densest distillation of roberts' movies ever made .	0
final verdict : you've seen it all before .	0
a tough go , but leigh's depth and rigor , and his skill at inspiring accomplished portrayals that are all the more impressive for their lack of showiness , offsets to a notable degree the film's often-mined and despairing milieu .	0
i suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject .	0
narc can only remind us of brilliant crime dramas without becoming one itself .	0
an atonal estrogen opera that demonizes feminism while gifting the most sympathetic male of the piece with a nice vomit bath at his wedding .	0
we root for [clara and paul] , even like them , though perhaps it's an emotion closer to pity .	1
not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece .	1
seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof .	0
true to its animatronic roots : . . . as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus . . . 'the country bears' should never have been brought out of hibernation .	0
the problem with antwone fisher is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher .	0
the balkans provide the obstacle course for the love of a good woman .	0
if signs is a good film , and it is , the essence of a great one is in there somewhere .	1
most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots . the movie isn't horrible , but you can see mediocre cresting on the next wave .	0
cinematic poo .	0
when you think you've figured out bielinsky's great game , that's when you're in the most trouble : he's the con , and you're just the mark .	1
the beautiful images and solemn words cannot disguise the slack complacency of [godard's] vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice .	0
it's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge .	0
what bubbles up out of john c . walsh's pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch .	1
suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness .	0
the thing looks like a made-for-home-video quickie .	0
a movie far more cynical and lazy than anything a fictitious charlie kaufman might object to .	0
meandering and glacially paced , and often just plain dull .	0
never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three .	0
angela gheorghiu as famous prima donna floria tosca , roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi , and ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately .	1
hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like . . . but overall the halloween series has lost its edge .	0
by the standards of knucklehead swill , the hot chick is pretty damned funny .	1
amazing ! a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing !	1
. . . fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .	1
if you can get past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of " the isle " you'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any you will likely see anywhere else .	1
a spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth .	1
skip work to see it at the first opportunity .	1
pacino is the best he's been in years and keener is marvelous .	1
this kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater	0
' . . . mafia , rap stars and hood rats butt their ugly heads in a regurgitation of cinematic violence that gives brutal birth to an unlikely , but likable , hero . '	1
impeccably filmed , sexually charged , but ultimately lacking in substance , not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act .	0
this is the sort of burly action flick where one coincidence pummels another , narrative necessity is a drunken roundhouse , and whatever passes for logic is a factor of the last plot device left standing .	0
tadpole is emblematic of the witless ageism afflicting films : young is cool , and too young is too cool .	0
highly watchable stuff .	1
caso você sinta necessidade de sair da sala antes do término da projeção , não se preocupe : ninguém lhe enviará penas simbolizando covardia .	0
i am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from tv shows , but hey arnold ! the movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .	1
like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .	0
not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet .	1
writer-director juan carlos fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured .	1
what more can be expected from a college comedy that's target audience hasn't graduated from junior high school ?	0
one of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation .	0
a frantic search for laughs , with a hit-to-miss ratio that doesn't exactly favour the audience .	0
de niro cries . you'll cry for your money back .	0
a negligible british comedy .	0
quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year . . . a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that isn't afraid to admit it doesn't have all the answers .	1
an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans .	1
films are made of little moments . changing lanes tries for more . it doesn't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received .	1
rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material .	1
dramatically lackluster .	0
director douglas mcgrath takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .	1
a mild , reluctant , thumbs down .	0
not so much farcical as sour .	0
" red dragon " is entertaining . an obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ? but it is entertaining on an inferior level . it is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .	1
stuffed to the brim with ideas , american instigator michael moore's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .	1
as immaculate as stuart little 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous .	0
the film would work much better as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave . immediately .	0
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome . in the wrong hands , i . e . peploe's , it's simply unbearable	0
not the great american comedy , but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you'll have a good time with this one too .	0
. . . about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season .	0
this is an action movie with an action icon who's been all but decommissioned .	0
cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .	1
the trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness .	0
for every articulate player , such as skateboarder tony hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman , are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words " radical " or " suck " into a sentence .	0
mazel tov to a film about a family's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage .	1
purely propaganda , a work of unabashed hero worship , it is nonetheless -- and likely inadvertently -- a timely and invaluable implicit reminder of the role that u . s . foreign policy has played in the rise of castro .	1
ratliff's two previous titles , plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon .	1
got a david lynch jones ? then you'd do well to check this one out because it's straight up twin peaks action . . .	1
couldn't someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ?	0
as chilling and fascinating as philippe mora's modern hitler-study , snide and prejudice .	1
me without you has a bracing truth that's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood .	1
be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense . the ring never lets you off the hook .	1
there's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .	0
superb production values & christian bale's charisma make up for a derivative plot .	1
ryosuke has created a wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation on the meaning and value of family .	1
although the editing might have been tighter , hush ! sympathetically captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern japan .	1
there's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but brooms isn't it .	0
the title helpfully offers the most succinct review of it you'll read anywhere .	0
below is well below expectations .	0
resembles a soft porn brian de palma pastiche .	0
" home movie " is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .	1
a fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .	0
this is one of the year's best films .	1
michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .	0
it's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit .	0
it is one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by southern blacks as distilled through a caucasian perspective .	0
not everything in the film works , including its somewhat convenient ending .	0
like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film .	1
i have no way of knowing exactly how much is exaggeration , but i've got a creepy feeling that the film is closer to the mark than i want to believe .	1
as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .	1
the code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute .	0
while the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it's awfully entertaining to watch .	1
i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 . cinematic poetry showcases the city's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything .	1
the performances are an absolute joy .	1
manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state .	1
the plot meanders from gripping to plodding and back .	0
no better or worse than 'truth or consequences , n . m . ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater .	0
a canny , derivative , wildly gruesome portrait of a london sociopath who's the scariest of sadists .	1
literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds .	1
bad . very bad . stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad .	0
the screenplay comes across , rather unintentionally , as hip-hop scooby-doo .	0
not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches .	0
reyes' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it's undone by a sloppy script	0
the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious .	0
starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar .	0
the cast . . . keeps this pretty watchable , and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired .	1
for the first two-thirds of this sparklingly inventive and artful , always fast and furious tale , kids will go happily along for the ride .	1
most new movies have a bright sheen . some , like ballistic , arrive stillborn . . . looking like the beaten , well-worn video box cover of seven years into the future .	0
it sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations .	0
it's best to avoid imprisonment with the dull , nerdy folks that inhabit cherish .	0
miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary .	1
a workshop mentality prevails .	0
all the amped-up tony hawk-style stunts and thrashing rap-metal can't disguise the fact that , really , we've been here , done that .	0
it's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .	0
fine acting but there is no sense of connecting the dots , just dots .	1
always destined to be measured against anthony asquith's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation .	0
comes off like a rejected abc afterschool special , freshened up by the dunce of a screenwriting 101 class . . . . designed to provide a mix of smiles and tears , " crossroads " instead provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns .	0
maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards .	1
animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .	0
a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic .	1
grating and tedious .	0
'linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project . . . '	0
an impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle .	0
the first mistake , i suspect , is casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student--where's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ?	0
very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .	0
it does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .	1
. . . a story , an old and scary one , about the monsters we make , and the vengeance they take .	1
a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera .	1
too close to phantom menace for comfort .	0
an exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama .	1
aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom . com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .	0
a small movie with a big impact .	1
though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .	0
occasionally , in the course of reviewing art-house obscurities and slam-bam action flicks , a jaded critic smacks into something truly new .	1
it's not the least of afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history .	1
the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material .	0
while it's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .	0
anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy .	0
cherish would've worked a lot better had it been a short film .	0
director chris eyre is going through the paces again with his usual high melodramatic style of filmmaking .	0
stealing harvard aspires to comedic grand larceny but stands convicted of nothing more than petty theft of your time .	0
this is the type of movie best enjoyed by frat boys and college kids while sucking on the bong and downing one alcoholic beverage after another .	0
a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter .	1
fun , flip and terribly hip bit of cinematic entertainment .	1
it has all the excitement of eating oatmeal .	0
what 'dumb and dumber' would have been without the vulgarity and with an intelligent , life-affirming script .	1
adroit but finally a trifle flat , mad love doesn't galvanize its outrage the way , say , jane campion might have done , but at least it possesses some .	0
there are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness .	1
solondz creates some effective moments of discomfort for character and viewer alike .	1
it's mighty tedious for the viewer who has to contend with unpleasant characters , hit-and-miss performances and awkwardly staged scenes .	0
there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations . where's the movie here ?	0
a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip .	0
shallow .	0
herzog is obviously looking for a moral to his fable , but the notion that a strong , unified showing among germany and eastern european jews might have changed 20th-century history is undermined by ahola's inadequate performance .	0
[sam's] self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .	0
murderous maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy . . .	1
this is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .	0
wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse .	1
a modest masterpiece .	1
the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .	1
the story . . . is moldy and obvious .	0
this is a good movie in spurts , but when it doesn't work , it's at important times .	0
it's a frankenstein-monster of a film that doesn't know what it wants to be .	0
earnest , unsubtle and hollywood-predictable , green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese .	1
comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire .	0
it's a stunning lyrical work of considerable force and truth .	1
the most anti-human big studio picture since 3000 miles to graceland .	0
the film was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one ) .	0
none of this violates the letter of behan's book , but missing is its spirit , its ribald , full-throated humor .	0
staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .	0
catch it . . . if you can !	1
the movie is a trove of delights .	1
spielberg's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .	1
birot's directorial debut ( she co-wrote the script with christophe honoré ) isn't so much bad as it is bland .	0
[the kid's] just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow .	0
. . . a good , if not entirely fresh , look at war .	1
. . . an inviting piece of film .	1
as any creature-feature fan knows , when you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures , you get a lot of running around , screaming and death . on that score , the film certainly doesn't disappoint .	1
press the delete key .	0
not exactly the bees knees	0
a rarity among recent iranian films : it's a comedy full of gentle humor that chides the absurdity of its protagonist's plight .	1
the rock has a great presence but one battle after another is not the same as one battle followed by killer cgi effects .	0
more trifle than triumph .	0
believability wasn't one of the film's virtues .	0
dense with characters and contains some thrilling moments .	1
a slick , skillful little horror film .	1
despite besson's high-profile name being wasabi's big selling point , there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film's thoroughly winning tone .	1
its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work .	1
if you're a wwf fan , or you related to the people who watched the robots getting butchered in a . i . , you'll probably like rollerball .	0
the film flat lines when it should peak and is more missed opportunity and trifle than dark , decadent truffle .	0
top-notch action powers this romantic drama .	1
it's a rare window on an artistic collaboration .	1
a man leaving the screening said the film was better than saving private ryan . he may have meant the internet short saving ryan's privates . but windtalkers doesn't beat that one , either .	0
loud , silly , stupid and pointless .	0
whether writer-director anne fontaine's film is a ghost story , an account of a nervous breakdown , a trip down memory lane , all three or none of the above , it is as seductive as it is haunting .	1
sade is an engaging look at the controversial eponymous and fiercely atheistic hero .	1
the last three narcissists left on earth compete for each others' affections .	0
most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; " frailty " leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home .	1
it's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant .	0
depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived . only masochistic moviegoers need apply .	0
it all drags on so interminably it's like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time .	0
the film is way too full of itself ; it's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way .	0
the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him . . . there is never really a true " us " versus " them " .	1
a film so tedious that it is impossible to care whether that boast is true or not .	0
the magic ( and original running time ) of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki's spirited away survives intact in bv's re-voiced version .	1
" juwanna mann ? " no thanks . wewannour money back , actually .	0
as comedic spotlights go , notorious c . h . o . hits all the verbal marks it should .	1
ub equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of 'black culture' and the dorkier aspects of 'white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .	1
the film exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken .	1
kurys never shows why , of all the period's volatile romantic lives , sand and musset are worth particular attention .	0
" cremaster 3 " should come with the warning " for serious film buffs only ! "	1
there's too much falseness to the second half , and what began as an intriguing look at youth fizzles into a dull , ridiculous attempt at heart-tugging .	0
captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world .	1
that rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film .	1
sometimes seems less like storytelling than something the otherwise compelling director needed to get off his chest .	0
a woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai's vaunted empathy .	0
ozpetek joins the ranks of those gay filmmakers who have used the emigre experience to explore same-sex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled .	1
i admired this work a lot .	1
the film's darker moments become smoothed over by an overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings , especially in the last few cloying moments .	0
the movie's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .	0
everything that has to do with yvan and charlotte , and everything that has to do with yvan's rambunctious , jewish sister and her non-jew husband , feels funny and true .	1
it was a dark and stormy night . . .	0
there's a disturbing 'great white hope' undertone to the other side of heaven that subtly undermines its message of christian love and compassion .	0
a great ending doesn't make up for a weak movie , and crazy as hell doesn't even have a great ending .	0
doug liman , the director of bourne , directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie's spycraft and uses damon's ability to be focused and sincere .	1
there's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie .	0
the film often achieves a mesmerizing poetry .	1
i'm not generally a fan of vegetables but this batch is pretty cute .	1
a movie that , rather than skip along the seine , more or less slogs its way through soggy paris , tongue uncomfortably in cheek .	0
the film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol .	1
if there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one .	0
one funny popcorn flick .	1
it's a film that hinges on its casting , and glover really doesn't fit the part .	0
too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one .	0
a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant .	1
light , cute and forgettable .	1
don't plan on the perfect ending , but sweet home alabama hits the mark with critics who escaped from a small town life .	1
manages to delight without much of a story .	1
a superfluous sequel . . . plagued by that old familiar feeling of 'let's get this thing over with' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find .	0
too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility .	0
at the end , when the now computerized yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .	1
brady achieves the remarkable feat of squandering a topnotch foursome of actors . . . by shoving them into every clichéd white-trash situation imaginable .	0
a wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching .	0
so brisk is wang's pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe .	0
american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone .	1
it takes you somewhere you're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it's surprisingly old-fashioned .	0
it's getting harder and harder to ignore the fact that hollywood isn't laughing with us , folks . it's laughing at us .	0
'cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about	0
rarely have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart .	1
a small gem from belgium .	1
. . . a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll .	1
the adventures of pluto nash is a whole lot of nada .	0
starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches .	0
though it's equally solipsistic in tone , the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans' saga of hollywood excess .	1
as a director , paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .	1
a sensitive , cultivated treatment of greene's work as well as a remarkably faithful one .	1
with a tone as variable as the cinematography , schaeffer's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .	0
feeling like a dope has rarely been more fun than it is in nine queens .	1
works because we're never sure if ohlinger's on the level or merely a dying , delusional man trying to get into the history books before he croaks .	1
a clutchy , indulgent and pretentious travelogue and diatribe against . . . well , just stuff . watching scarlet diva , one is poised for titillation , raw insight or both . instead , we just get messy anger , a movie as personal therapy .	0
well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious .	1
edited and shot with a syncopated style mimicking the work of his subjects , pray turns the idea of the documentary on its head , making it rousing , invigorating fun lacking any mtv puffery .	1
i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho's .	0
shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral . extraordinary debut from josh koury .	1
it is ridiculous , of course . . . but it is also refreshing , disarming , and just outright enjoyable despite its ridiculousness .	1
though a touch too arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism , heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .	1
one of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .	0
a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession – one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom .	1
chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century america .	1
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they're treading water at best in this forgettable effort .	0
it feels like a community theater production of a great broadway play : even at its best , it will never hold a candle to the original .	0
despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j . k . rowling's marvelous series into a deadly bore .	0
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , [crane] becomes more specimen than character -- and auto focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report .	0
the sweetest thing leaves an awful sour taste .	0
all in all , road to perdition is more in love with strangeness than excellence .	0
a welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .	1
trivial where it should be profound , and hyper-cliched where it should be sincere .	0
it's a coming-of-age story we've all seen bits of in other films -- but it's rarely been told with such affecting grace and cultural specificity .	1
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair's film is an absolute delight for all audiences .	1
the story . . . is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is . it is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band .	1
the french are rather good at this kind of thing , unlike the americans , who have a passion for musketeers , only to spoof them .	1
expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street .	1
has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke .	1
all the small moments and flashbacks don't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition .	0
a lovely film . . . elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic . . . hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source's complexity .	1
a solid examination of the male midlife crisis .	1
a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc . is one of this year's very best pictures .	1
innocuous enough to make even jean-claude van damme look good .	0
kapur's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself .	0
what makes barbershop so likable , with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .	1
no sophomore slump for director sam mendes , who segues from oscar winner to oscar-winning potential with a smooth sleight of hand .	1
the dose is strong and funny , for the first 15 minutes anyway ; after that , the potency wanes dramatically .	0
witty , touching and well paced .	1
ferrara's strongest and most touching movie of recent years .	1
one of [jaglom's] better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love .	1
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that's more or less how it plays out .	0
though ganesh is successful in a midlevel sort of way , there's nothing so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career as to rate two hours of our attention .	0
a grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story .	1
fairly successful at faking some pretty cool stunts but a complete failure at trying to create some pretty cool characters . and forget about any attempt at a plot !	0
a funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a british cast to rival gosford park's .	1
more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , soderbergh's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .	1
had the film boasted a clearer , more memorable , the creepiness would have gotten under the skin .	0
an overwrought taiwanese soaper about three people and their mixed-up relationship .	0
everything its title implies , a standard-issue crime drama spat out from the tinseltown assembly line .	0
its characters are thinner than cardboard -- or even comic-book paper .	0
though the plot is predictable , the movie never feels formulaic , because the attention is on the nuances of the emotional development of the delicate characters .	1
[villeneuve] seems to realize intuitively that even morality is reduced to an option by the ultimate mysteries of life and death .	1
not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired .	0
dawdles and drags when it should pop ; it doesn't even have the virtue of enough mindless violence to break up the tedium of all its generational bonding .	0
" feardotcom " has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel , but it simply becomes a routine shocker .	0
since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .	0
downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message .	0
the animated subplot keenly depicts the inner struggles of our adolescent heroes - insecure , uncontrolled , and intense .	1
as expected , sayles' smart wordplay and clever plot contrivances are as sharp as ever , though they may be overshadowed by some strong performances .	1
the film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .	1
using a stock plot , about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .	1
helmer hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome .	0
offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in . ah , what the hell .	1
byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle . instead , he focuses on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground .	1
there's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects .	0
though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal , the film doesn't ignore the more problematic aspects of brown's life .	1
a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects .	1
it's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead .	0
according to wendigo , 'nature' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves .	0
schneider's mugging is relentless and his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character undermines the story's continuity and progression .	0
a pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole .	0
this enthralling documentary . . . is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .	1
you can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away , and the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer . thumbs down .	0
s1m0ne's satire is not subtle , but it is effective . it's a quirky , off-beat project . . . .	1
there was time on that second round to see the subtleties of ramsay's portrait of grief .	1
few films capture so perfectly the hopes and dreams of little boys on baseball fields as well as the grown men who sit in the stands .	1
a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .	1
rifkin's references are . . . impeccable throughout .	1
a frankenstein mishmash that careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick , bartleby performs neither one very well .	0
the piano teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control .	0
has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope .	1
a gripping drama .	1
. . . the film falls back on the same old formula of teen sex , outrageous pranks and scenes designed to push the envelope of bad taste for laughs .	0
it goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .	0
it is not a mass-market entertainment but an uncompromising attempt by one artist to think about another .	1
the movie's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story . killing time , that's all that's going on here .	0
. . . the first 2/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor . . .	1
the film is an enjoyable family film -- pretty much aimed at any youngster who loves horses .	1
you come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated .	1
eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema's directorial giants .	0
theology aside , why put someone who ultimately doesn't learn at the center of a kids' story ?	0
the passions aroused by the discord between old and new cultures are set against the strange , stark beauty of the mideast desert , so lovingly and perceptively filmed that you can almost taste the desiccated air .	1
a lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world .	1
it's a gag that's worn a bit thin over the years , though don't ask still finds a few chuckles .	0
a compelling french psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart .	1
an intimate , good-humored ethnic comedy like numerous others but cuts deeper than expected .	1
this sort of cute and cloying material is far from zhang's forte and it shows .	0
great story , bad idea for a movie .	0
. . . is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .	1
children of the century , though well dressed and well made , ultimately falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers .	0
if you're not the target demographic . . . this movie is one long chick-flick slog .	0
the biggest problem with satin rouge is lilia herself . she's a cipher , played by an actress who smiles and frowns but doesn't reveal an inner life .	0
its one-sidedness . . . flirts with propaganda .	0
road to perdition does display greatness , and it's worth seeing . but it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it's won .	1
utter mush . . . conceited pap .	0
it's difficult to imagine the process that produced such a script , but here's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role .	0
an action/thriller of the finest kind , evoking memories of day of the jackal , the french connection , and heat .	1
. . . watching this film nearly provoked me to take my own life . and if the hours wins 'best picture' i just might .	0
full of profound , real-life moments that anyone can relate to , it deserves a wide audience .	1
a rip-off twice removed , modeled after [seagal's] earlier copycat under siege , sometimes referred to as die hard on a boat .	0
there's something not entirely convincing about the quiet american . and that holds true for both the movie and the title character played by brendan fraser .	0
it's somewhat clumsy and too lethargically paced -- but its story about a mysterious creature with psychic abilities offers a solid build-up , a terrific climax , and some nice chills along the way .	1
in spite of good housekeeping's unsavory characters and wwf mentality , this white trash war of the roses is a surprisingly engaging film .	1
you come away thinking not only that kate isn't very bright , but that she hasn't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another .	0
this slight premise . . . works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon .	1
'god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . '	0
the messages of compassion and mercy are clearly , squarely and specifically expounded via computer animated old testament tale of jonah and the whale . determined to be fun , and bouncy , with energetic musicals , the humor didn't quite engage this adult .	0
ludicrous , but director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining .	1
stevens' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls .	1
a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger but it's nowhere near as exciting as either .	0
the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness .	1
it's all about anakin . . . and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect .	1
the modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones .	0
the first fatal attraction was vile enough . do we really need the tiger beat version ?	0
two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning .	0
" spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff . if you're a comic fan , you can't miss it . if you're not , you'll still have a good time . "	1
but the power of these [subjects] is obscured by the majority of the film that shows a stationary camera on a subject that could be mistaken for giving a public oration , rather than contributing to a film's narrative .	0
a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) .	0
to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore .	0
the film overcomes the regular minefield of coming-of-age cliches with potent doses of honesty and sensitivity .	1
jaw-droppingly superficial , straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter's glory days on three's company .	0
viewers of barney's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .	0
a work of intricate elegance , literary lyricism and profound common sense .	1
those 24-and-unders looking for their own caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking .	0
a incompetência de marcus adams como roteirista só é superada por sua péssima direção .	0
whenever you think you've figured out late marriage , it throws you for a loop .	1
even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .	0
this breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are .	1
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they'll wind up together , and michele's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest .	0
it's not original , and , robbed of the element of surprise , it doesn't have any huge laughs in its story of irresponsible cops who love to play pranks .	0
like watching a dress rehearsal the week before the show goes up : everything's in place but something's just a little off-kilter .	0
so unique and stubborn and charismatic that you want it to be better and more successful than it is .	1
the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it's as if it all happened only yesterday .	1
' . . . despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '	1
few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying .	1
the feature-length stretch . . . strains the show's concept .	0
one of the best movies of the year .	1
a memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill .	1
nair doesn't use [monsoon wedding] to lament the loss of culture . instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .	1
a charming , banter-filled comedy . . . one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface .	1
it's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair .	1
the plot is so predictable and sentimental that viewers are likely to lose interest before sandrine and her goats walk off into the sunset .	0
this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the farrelly brothers' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time .	0
oliveira seems to pursue silent film representation with every mournful composition .	1
it has the right approach and the right opening premise , but it lacks the zest and it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material .	0
it shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there's a little girl-on-girl action .	0
a breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy .	1
both grant and hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others .	1
initially gripping , eventually cloying pow drama .	0
'possession , ' based on the book by a . s . byatt , demands that labute deal with the subject of love head-on ; trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit	1
alas , the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick .	0
some actors steal scenes . tom green just gives them a bad odor . this self-infatuated goofball is far from the only thing wrong with the clumsy comedy stealing harvard , but he's the most obvious one .	0
attal's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it's a wonder that he couldn't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident .	0
an instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick .	1
director alfonso cuaron gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films .	1
stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .	0
poor ben bratt couldn't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .	0
what a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is .	1
the closest thing to the experience of space travel	1
the lousy lead performances . . . keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .	0
a sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions .	0
depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it's being .	0
a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached .	1
the level of maturity displayed by this 33-year-old first-time feature director is astonishing , considering her inexperience and her subject matter .	1
a rather average action film that benefits from several funny moments supplied by epps .	0
just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing .	1
after a while , hoffman's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .	0
a gripping movie , played with performances that are all understated and touching .	1
hardly a film that comes along every day .	1
the movie certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue , but there's just not much lurking below its abstract surface .	0
given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it , the project should have been made for the tube .	0
too clever by about nine-tenths .	0
there's a spontaneity to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout .	1
it believes it's revealing some great human truths , when , in reality , it's churning ground that has long passed the point of being fertile .	0
this sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama . he's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does .	0
as self-aware movies go , who is cletis tout ? is clever enough , though thin writing proves its undoing .	0
looks like a high school film project completed the day before it was due .	0
it has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at .	1
both the crime story and the love story are unusual . but they don't fit well together and neither is well told .	0
the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny .	0
it uses an old-time formula , it's not terribly original and it's rather messy -- but you just have to love the big , dumb , happy movie my big fat greek wedding .	1
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does .	1
a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target .	0
a few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady's direction is prosaic .	0
evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter's invention .	0
though it runs 163 minutes , safe conduct is anything but languorous . it's packed to bursting with incident , and with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history .	1
i haven't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered .	0
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it .	0
despite the authenticity of the trappings , the film is overblown in its plotting , hackneyed in its dialogue and anachronistic in its style .	0
highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .	1
told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings .	1
this tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same .	0
it's exactly the kind of movie toback's detractors always accuse him of making .	0
'men in black ii creates a new threat for the mib , but recycles the same premise .	0
this time mr . burns is trying something in the martin scorsese street-realist mode , but his self-regarding sentimentality trips him up again .	0
a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack	1
an admirable , sometimes exceptional film	1
the camera whirls ! the camera twirls ! oh , look at that clever angle ! wow , a jump cut !	0
tedious norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination .	0
if you're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver's license , you should be able to find better entertainment .	0
this movie is so bad , that it's almost worth seeing because it's so bad .	0
a disappointment for those who love alternate versions of the bard , particularly ones that involve deep fryers and hamburgers .	0
the director's twitchy sketchbook style and adroit perspective shifts grow wearisome amid leaden pacing and indifferent craftsmanship ( most notably wretched sound design ) .	0
[it's] a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .	1
as a rumor of angels reveals itself to be a sudsy tub of supernatural hokum , not even ms . redgrave's noblest efforts can redeem it from hopeless sentimentality .	0
the tug of war that ensues is as much a snapshot of modern china in microcosm as it is a crash course in movie mythology .	1
thekids will probably stay amused at the kaleidoscope of big , colorful characters . mom and dad can catch some quality naptime along the way .	0
stephen earnhart's documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition – wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text – when it's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type .	0
only in its final surprising shots does rabbit-proof fence find the authority it's looking for .	0
the sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .	0
although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events , the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .	1
this re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against .	0
while the new film is much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched stephen norrington-directed predecessor , the new script by the returning david s . goyer is much sillier .	0
the best revenge may just be living well because this film , unlike other dumas adaptations , is far more likened to a treasure than a lengthy jail sentence .	1
a worthy tribute to a great humanitarian and her vibrant 'co-stars . '	1
sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group .	1
'film aficionados cannot help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director's cut . '	1
me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story . scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .	1
a compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one .	1
to be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed .	0
go see it and enjoy .	1
slap her - she's not funny ! no french people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .	0
all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject .	0
the film is surprisingly well-directed by brett ratner , who keeps things moving well -- at least until the problematic third act .	0
despite its sincere acting , signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .	0
no such thing is sort of a minimalist beauty and the beast , but in this case the beast should definitely get top billing . robert john burke as the monster horns in and steals the show .	0
'in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '	0
the film is so bad it doesn't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .	0
martin and barbara are complex characters -- sometimes tender , sometimes angry -- and the delicate performances by sven wollter and viveka seldahl make their hopes and frustrations vivid .	1
baby-faced renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within .	1
morvern rocks .	1
an enjoyable experience .	1
the search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters' suffering .	1
barely goes beyond comic book status .	0
this bracingly truthful antidote to hollywood teenage movies that slather clearasil over the blemishes of youth captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty .	1
obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential .	0
overall , interesting as a documentary -- but not very imaxy .	1
an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy .	0
it lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho .	1
vibrantly colored and beautifully designed , metropolis is a feast for the eyes .	1
thoroughly enjoyable .	1
propelled not by characters but by caricatures .	0
high on melodrama . but it's emotionally engrossing , too , thanks to strong , credible performances from the whole cast .	1
a fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .	1
unfortunately , contrived plotting , stereotyped characters and woo's over-the-top instincts as a director undermine the moral dilemma at the movie's heart .	0
the film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it's in danger of going wrong .	1
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity didn't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by avary's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .	0
this is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you've been sitting still .	0
some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat .	1
the invincible werner herzog is alive and well and living in la	1
a plodding look at the french revolution through the eyes of aristocrats .	0
how inept is serving sara ? it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly .	0
an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it didn't try to .	1
that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .	1
what starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .	0
methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .	1
most of crush is a clever and captivating romantic comedy with a welcome pinch of tartness .	1
a zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks .	0
an awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating .	0
happy times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it .	1
its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) and the action scenes are poorly delivered .	0
the skills of a calculus major at m . i . t . are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ?	0
life on the rez is no picnic : this picture shows you why .	1
there's a lot of tooth in roger dodger . but what's nice is that there's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .	1
a film in a class with spike lee's masterful do the right thing .	1
a historical epic with the courage of its convictions about both scope and detail .	1
if you can stomach the rough content , it's worth checking out for the performances alone .	1
you'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot . you'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus .	0
this is not an easy film . but it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one .	1
a synthesis of cliches and absurdities that seems positively decadent in its cinematic flash and emptiness .	0
a respectable venture on its own terms , lacking the broader vision that has seen certain trek films . . . cross over to a more mainstream audience .	1
an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music .	1
cool ? this movie is a snow emergency .	1
elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy .	1
the whole is quite entertaining , but despite its virtues , there is an unsettled feeling to the film .	1
be patient with the lovely hush ! and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .	1
. . . very funny , very enjoyable . . .	1
a little better than sorcerer's stone .	1
the film offers an intriguing what-if premise .	1
like all abstract art , the film does not make this statement in an easily accessible way , and -- unless prewarned -- it would be very possible for a reasonably intelligent person to sit through its tidal wave of imagery and not get this vision at all .	0
a movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of cho's fans .	1
fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .	1
though of particular interest to students and enthusiast of international dance and world music , the film is designed to make viewers of all ages , cultural backgrounds and rhythmic ability want to get up and dance .	1
ver wiel's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless .	0
stuart's poor-me persona needs a whole bunch of snowball's cynicism to cut through the sugar coating . but once the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan , the adventure is on red alert .	1
an unintentionally surreal kid's picture . . . in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode .	0
eckstraordinarily lame and severely boring .	0
an irresistible combination of a rousing good story set on a truly grand scale .	1
though not for everyone , the guys is a somber trip worth taking .	1
davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy .	1
writer-director burger imaginatively fans the embers of a dormant national grief and curiosity that has calcified into chronic cynicism and fear .	1
this story still seems timely and important . and there's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after greene's story ends .	1
featuring a dangerously seductive performance from the great daniel auteuil , " sade " covers the same period as kaufmann's " quills " with more unsettlingly realistic results .	1
rashomon-for-dipsticks tale .	0
with a large cast representing a broad cross-section , tavernier's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of " his girl friday , " maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .	1
jolting into charleston rhythms , the story has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent ( accurate ? who cares ? ) .	1
though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch .	0
both stars manage to be funny , but , like the recent i spy , the star chemistry begs the question of whether random gags add up to a movie .	0
very solid , very watchable first feature for director peter sheridan	1
forgettable horror -- more gory than psychological -- with a highly satisfying quotient of friday-night excitement and milla power .	1
like its new england characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial , the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness .	1
they do a good job of painting this family dynamic for the audience but they tried to squeeze too many elements into the film .	0
godard uses his characters -- if that's not too glorified a term -- as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks .	0
frustratingly , dridi tells us nothing about el gallo other than what emerges through his music .	0
an extraordinarily silly thriller .	0
some movies can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff . stealing harvard can't even do that much . each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .	0
begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .	1
at once a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge .	1
while the story's undeniably hard to follow , iwai's gorgeous visuals seduce .	1
summer's far too fleeting to squander on offal like this .	0
. . . understands that a generation defines its music as much as the music defines a generation .	1
devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable .	1
feels less like a change in [herzog's] personal policy than a half-hearted fluke .	0
a generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it isn't merely offensive .	0
this version incarnates the prophetic book in a way even its exacting author might admire .	1
aspires for the piquant but only really achieves a sort of ridiculous sourness .	0
the film aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once . the extent to which it succeeds is impressive .	1
hatfield and hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie's political ramifications .	1
'[the cockettes] provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '	1
a gorgeous , witty , seductive movie .	1
i found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound .	1
it's one long bore .	0
to call the other side of heaven " appalling " would be to underestimate just how dangerous entertainments like it can be .	0
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling .	1
with mcconaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .	0
is this love or is it masochism ? binoche makes it interesting trying to find out .	1
the best drug addition movies are usually depressing but rewarding . quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .	0
just because a walk to remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts doesn't mean it's good enough for our girls .	0
at 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .	1
an enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race .	1
a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making .	1
the cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story .	1
it's stylishly directed with verve . . .	1
[crystal and de niro] manage to squeeze out some good laughs but not enough to make this silly con job sing .	0
candid camera on methamphetamines .	1
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations .	0
sweet gentle jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ?	0
sheridan seems terrified of the book's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony .	0
almost everything about the film is unsettling , from the preposterous hairpiece worn by lai's villainous father to the endless action sequences .	0
an intelligent fiction about learning through cultural clash .	1
this may be dover kosashvili's feature directing debut , but it looks an awful lot like life -- gritty , awkward and ironic .	1
a string of rehashed sight gags based in insipid vulgarity .	0
very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .	1
this series should have died long ago , but they keep bringing it back another day as punishment for paying money to see the last james bond movie .	0
it's another retelling of alexandre dumas' classic . why ? who knows , but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds .	1
squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .	0
ninety minutes of viva castro ! can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms' anti- castro rhetoric , which are included	0
impostor can't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .	0
while the mystery unravels , the characters respond by hitting on each other .	0
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives .	0
this mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , john c . walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .	0
sum " is jack ryan's " do-over . " give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works . especially give credit to affleck .	1
even on those rare occasions when the narrator stops yammering , miller's hand often feels unsure .	0
it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that .	0
a modestly surprising movie .	1
it doesn't help that the director and cinematographer stephen kazmierski shoot on grungy video , giving the whole thing a dirty , tasteless feel .	0
every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here .	0
all the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness .	0
what goes on for the 110 minutes of " panic room " is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .	0
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here's betting her third feature will be something to behold .	1
rob schneider's infantile cross-dressing routines fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .	0
as it abruptly crosscuts among the five friends , it fails to lend the characters' individual stories enough dramatic resonance to make us care about them .	0
renner's performance as dahmer is unforgettable , deeply absorbing .	1
there is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .	1
you have to pay attention to follow all the stories , but they're each interesting . the movie is well shot and very tragic , and one to ponder after the credits roll .	1
. . . takes the beauty of baseball and melds it with a story that could touch anyone regardless of their familiarity with the sport	1
a quiet , disquieting triumph .	1
did the film inform and educate me ? yes . did it move me to care about what happened in 1915 armenia ? no . and that is where ararat went astray .	0
veterans of the dating wars will smirk uneasily at the film's nightmare versions of everyday sex-in-the-city misadventures .	1
while hoffman's performance is great , the subject matter goes nowhere .	0
a quirky comedy set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that's so prevalent on the rock .	1
worth the effort to watch .	1
the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone .	0
features fincher's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity .	1
while puerile men dominate the story , the women shine .	1
without september 11 , collateral damage would have been just another bad movie . now it's a bad , embarrassing movie .	0
waiting for godard can be fruitful : 'in praise of love' is the director's epitaph for himself .	1
" i blame all men for war , " [the warden's daughter] tells her father . the movie is about as deep as that sentiment .	0
when the fire burns out , we've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that's where the film ultimately fails .	0
suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers .	1
though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here , but a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary .	0
as simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine . this is a movie you can trust .	1
the picture's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .	1
this u-boat doesn't have a captain .	0
while not for every taste , this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy .	1
this film looks like it was produced in 1954 , shelved for 48 years , and repackaged for a 2002 audience .	0
the only camouflage carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .	0
great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex .	1
in both the writing and cutting , it does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you . you end up simply admiring this bit or that , this performance or that .	0
kaufman and jonze take huge risks to ponder the whole notion of passion -- our desire as human beings for passion in our lives and the emptiness one feels when it is missing .	1
all ends well , sort of , but the frenzied comic moments never click .	0
. . . surprisingly inert for a movie in which the main character travels back and forth between epochs .	0
when your leading ladies are a couple of screen-eating dominatrixes like goldie hawn and susan sarandon at their raunchy best , even hokum goes down easily .	1
not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .	1
the film's welcome breeziness and some unbelievably hilarious moments -- most portraying the idiocy of the film industry -- make it mostly worth the trip .	1
interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring .	0
. . . liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario . too bad .	0
a . . . cynical and serious look at teenage boys doing what they do best - being teenagers .	1
those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters' foibles a timeless and unique perspective .	1
the magic of the film lies not in the mysterious spring but in the richness of its performances .	1
well-meaning but inert .	0
the result is more depressing than liberating , but it's never boring .	1
despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings .	0
when it comes to entertainment , children deserve better than pokemon 4ever .	0
. . . a ho-hum affair , always watchable yet hardly memorable .	0
a didactic and dull documentary glorifying software anarchy .	0
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids .	1
murder and mayhem of this sort quickly becomes monotonous .	0
roman polanski directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .	0
the wonder of mostly martha is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing .	1
zhang yimou delivers warm , genuine characters who lie not through dishonesty , but because they genuinely believe it's the only way to bring happiness to their loved ones .	1
an edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era .	1
the path ice age follows most closely , though , is the one established by warner bros . giant chuck jones , who died a matter of weeks before the movie's release .	1
sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people .	1
eight legged freaks is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer .	1
despite the 2-d animation , the wild thornberrys movie makes for a surprisingly cinematic experience .	1
put it somewhere between sling blade and south of heaven , west of hell in the pantheon of billy bob's body of work .	0
