even better than the first one !	1
equilibrium is what george orwell might have imagined had today's mood-altering drug therapy been envisioned by chemists in 1949 .	1
a flawed but engrossing thriller .	1
even when foreign directors . . . borrow stuff from hollywood , they invariably shake up the formula and make it more interesting .	1
both deeply weird and charmingly dear .	1
the film's greatest asset is how much it's not just another connect-the-dots , spy-on-the-run picture .	1
a giddy and provocative sexual romp that has something to say .	1
what saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is corcuera's attention to detail .	1
anchored by a terrific performance by abbass , satin rouge shows that the idea of women's self-actualization knows few continental divides .	1
in addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .	1
the kind of nervous film that will either give you a mild headache or exhilarate you .	1
for all the wit and hoopla , festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .	1
you come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated .	1
dark and disturbing , yet compelling to watch .	1
tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to liyan's backyard .	1
pacino is the best he's been in years and keener is marvelous .	1
as comedic spotlights go , notorious c . h . o . hits all the verbal marks it should .	1
not as distinctive or even as humorous as its needs to be to stand out , but it has clearly been made with affection and care .	1
at its best early on as it plays the culture clashes between the brothers .	1
some may choose to interpret the film's end as hopeful or optimistic but i think payne is after something darker .	1
anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed , joyous romp of a film .	1
it's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor .	1
the film is saved from aren't-kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that isn't faked and a stately sense of composition .	1
a potent allegorical love story .	1
the pianist [is] a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life . here is a divine monument to a single man's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music .	1
on the surface , it's a lovers-on-the-run crime flick , but it has a lot in common with piesiewicz's and kieslowski's earlier work , films like the double life of veronique .	1
exceptionally well acted by diane lane and richard gere .	1
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it's potentially just as rewarding .	1
labute's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .	1
graham greene's novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by michael caine's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world .	1
obligada para impotentes , daneses , camareras italianas , profesores de idiomas , y todo aquel que desee una lengua para expresar su amor .	1
while surprisingly sincere , this average little story is adorned with some awesome action photography and surfing .	1
twist open the ouzo ! it's time to let your hair down – greek style . a vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it , my big fat greek wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe .	1
what it lacks in originality it makes up for in effective if cheap moments of fright and dread .	1
yakusho and shimizu . . . create engaging characterizations in imamura's lively and enjoyable cultural mix .	1
never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches . . . gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving .	1
like all great films about a life you never knew existed , it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .	1
. . . a cute and sometimes side-splittingly funny blend of legally blonde and drop dead gorgeous , starring piper perabo in what could be her breakthrough role .	1
secretary is not a movie about fetishism . it is a movie about passion .	1
delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity .	1
it's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible .	1
entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately . . . dare i say , entertaining !	1
the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself .	1
it is ridiculous , of course . . . but it is also refreshing , disarming , and just outright enjoyable despite its ridiculousness .	1
melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold .	1
although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of middle america .	1
the film is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once . . . a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller .	1
the message of such reflections--intentional or not--is that while no art grows from a vacuum , many artists exist in one .	1
a sensitive , moving , brilliantly constructed work .	1
a pleasant , if forgettable , romp of a film .	1
woven together handsomely , recalling sixties' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to don't look back .	1
for a good chunk of its running time , trapped is an effective and claustrophobic thriller .	1
it's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .	1
the format gets used best . . . to capture the dizzying heights achieved by motocross and bmx riders , whose balletic hotdogging occasionally ends in bone-crushing screwups .	1
an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it isn't .	1
uplifting , funny and wise .	1
fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .	1
hu and liu offer natural , matter-of-fact performances that glint with sorrow , longing and love .	1
upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that doesn't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .	1
throwing caution to the wind with an invitation to the hedonist in us all , nair has constructed this motion picture in such a way that even the most cynical curmudgeon with find himself or herself smiling at one time or another .	1
shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral . extraordinary debut from josh koury .	1
despite its flaws , secretary stays in your head and makes you question your own firmly held positions .	1
i am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from tv shows , but hey arnold ! the movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .	1
still pretentious and filled with subtext , but entertaining enough at 'face value' to recommend to anyone looking for something different .	1
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we'd live in if argento's hollywood counterparts . . . had this much imagination and nerve .	1
happily for mr . chin -- though unhappily for his subjects -- the invisible hand of the marketplace wrote a script that no human screenwriter could have hoped to match .	1
it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film's length becomes a part of its fun .	1
this is a nervy , risky film , and villeneuve has inspired croze to give herself over completely to the tormented persona of bibi .	1
featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock .	1
those who would follow haneke on his creepy explorations . . . are rewarded by brutal , committed performances from huppert and magimel .	1
. . . digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations .	1
its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there's no time to think about them anyway .	1
though frodo's quest remains unfulfilled , a hardy group of determined new zealanders has proved its creative mettle .	1
jaglom . . . put[s] the audience in the privileged position of eavesdropping on his characters	1
hawn and sarandon form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .	1
fast and funny , an action cartoon that's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd .	1
much as we might be interested in gratuitous sexualization , haneke has a different objective in mind--namely the implications of our craving for fake stimulation .	1
a small movie with a big impact .	1
if the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well .	1
leave it to rohmer , now 82 , to find a way to bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago .	1
halloween : resurrection isn't exactly quality cinema , but it isn't nearly as terrible as it cold have been .	1
fans of critics' darling band wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i am trying to break your heart .	1
continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means .	1
a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters .	1
a great companion piece to other napoleon films .	1
in the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama how i killed my father , french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition	1
shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .	1
a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller .	1
binoche and magimel are perfect in these roles .	1
if you're hard up for raunchy college humor , this is your ticket right here .	1
[d]oesn't bother being as cloying or preachy as equivalent evangelical christian movies -- maybe the filmmakers know that the likely audience will already be among the faithful .	1
funny and touching .	1
we learn a lot about dying coral and see a lot of life on the reef .	1
mr . deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way .	1
is truth stranger than fiction ? in [screenwriter] charlie kaufman's world , truth and fiction are equally strange , and his for the taking .	1
[kline's] utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who can't quite live up to it .	1
. . . a light , yet engrossing piece . lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject – taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history .	1
provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust .	1
. . . a fun little timewaster , helped especially by the cool presence of jean reno .	1
a budget affair that exposes the generally sad existence of the bedouins while providing a precious twinkle of insight into their lives .	1
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .	1
the movie is amateurish , but it's a minor treat .	1
it's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming .	1
the acting , for the most part , is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans .	1
doesn't do more than expand a tv show to movie length . however , it's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .	1
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play .	1
" austin powers in goldmember " has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .	1
a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing .	1
goldmember is funny enough to justify the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse .	1
a blessed gift to film geeks and historians . if the '70's were your idea of a good time at the movies , this will make you very happy .	1
bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness .	1
" white oleander , " the movie , is akin to a reader's digest condensed version of the source material .	1
though it is by no means his best work , laissez-passer is a distinguished and distinctive effort by a bona-fide master , a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them .	1
offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .	1
sometimes this 'blood' seems as tired as its protagonist . . . still , the pulse never disappears entirely , and the picture crosses the finish line winded but still game .	1
carrying off a spot-on scottish burr , duvall ( also a producer ) peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .	1
with not a lot of help from the screenplay ( proficient , but singularly cursory ) , [testud] acts with the feral intensity of the young bette davis .	1
a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man .	1
it's fairly self-aware in its dumbness .	1
…an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle .	1
one of the greatest films i've ever seen .	1
a compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one .	1
the cast is uniformly excellent and relaxed .	1
writer/director david caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza .	1
the journey is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .	1
it is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients .	1
ub equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of 'black culture' and the dorkier aspects of 'white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .	1
the movie's relatively simple plot and uncomplicated morality play well with the affable cast .	1
it is a challenging film , if not always a narratively cohesive one .	1
whether or not you're enlightened by any of derrida's lectures on " the other " and " the self , " derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .	1
. . . an inviting piece of film .	1
a comprehensive and provocative film -- one that pushes the boundaries of biography , and challenges its audience .	1
it's no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .	1
" the ring " is pretty much an english-language copy of the film that inspired it , and it carries the same strengths and flaws .	1
cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio .	1
the usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably delivered in low-key style by director michael apted and writer tom stoppard .	1
that rara avis : the intelligent romantic comedy with actual ideas on its mind .	1
[hawn's character]is so bluntly written , without a trace of sentimentality , and so blisteringly defined , that every other character seems overlooked and underwritten .	1
there's lots of cool stuff packed into espn's ultimate x .	1
the vistas are sweeping and the acting is far from painful .	1
holm does his sly , intricate magic , and iben hjelje is entirely appealing as pumpkin .	1
the importance of being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett's familiar quotations	1
that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .	1
ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .	1
the results , if not memorable , are at least interesting .	1
it's amazingly perceptive in its subtle , supportive but unsentimental look at the marks family .	1
an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bard's immortal plays were written by somebody else .	1
still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .	1
you could say that it's slow at times , you could say that a few of the characters act in ways that real people wouldn't , but one thing you couldn't say is that alias betty is predictable .	1
though the violence is far less sadistic than usual , the film is typical miike : fast , furious and full of off-the-cuff imaginative flourishes .	1
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist .	1
ranges from laugh-out-loud hilarious to wonder-what- time-it-is tedious .	1
it is a testament of quiet endurance , of common concern , of reconciled survival .	1
it's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .	1
affable if not timeless , like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .	1
waiting for godard can be fruitful : 'in praise of love' is the director's epitaph for himself .	1
methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .	1
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched .	1
there's plenty to impress about e . t .	1
the immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d .	1
angel presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale .	1
this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come .	1
about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year . if you're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse .	1
a thought-provoking picture .	1
angela gheorghiu as famous prima donna floria tosca , roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi , and ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately .	1
broomfield reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force .	1
it's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend . you don't want to call the cops . you want to call domino's .	1
part of the film's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz .	1
this masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short .	1
turns potentially forgettable formula into something strangely diverting .	1
while tattoo borrows heavily from both seven and the silence of the lambs , it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .	1
triple x is a double agent , and he's one bad dude . when you've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .	1
a mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last .	1
a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit won't be disappointed .	1
skip work to see it at the first opportunity .	1
enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary .	1
not only is undercover brother as funny , if not more so , than both austin powers films , but it's also one of the smarter , savvier spoofs to come along in some time .	1
[ramsay] visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor .	1
makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted .	1
it moves quickly , adroitly , and without fuss ; it doesn't give you time to reflect on the inanity -- and the cold war datedness -- of its premise .	1
is red dragon worthy of a place alongside the other hannibal movies ? as hannibal would say , yes , 'it's like having an old friend for dinner' .	1
feral and uncomfortable .	1
it's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate .	1
a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera .	1
human resources was a good , straightforward tale , but time out is better . it's haunting . it's like a poem .	1
the film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .	1
holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks .	1
beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people .	1
[it] has the feel of a summer popcorn movie . nothing too deep or substantial . explosions , jokes , and sexual innuendoes abound .	1
scores a few points for doing what it does with a dedicated and good-hearted professionalism .	1
the four feathers has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .	1
a stylish thriller .	1
" on guard ! " won't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world's best actors , daniel auteuil , have a whale of a good time .	1
a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant .	1
imperfect ? yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy .	1
tsai ming-liang has taken his trademark style and refined it to a crystalline point .	1
more than simply a portrait of early extreme sports , this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution is a skateboard film as social anthropology . . .	1
a taut , intelligent psychological drama .	1
a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun .	1
hoffman notches in the nuances of pain , but his smart , edgy voice and waddling profile ( emphasized here ) accent the humor of wilson's plight , and that saves his pathos from drippiness .	1
it's a lovely film with lovely performances by buy and accorsi .	1
happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude . for proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls , retrospectively , his most personal work yet .	1
canadian filmmaker gary burns' inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city .	1
among the many pleasures are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations .	1
laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , no such thing is a fascinating little tale .	1
while the humor is recognizably plympton , he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .	1
well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious .	1
the ya-ya's have many secrets and one is - the books are better . translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya .	1
though the film's scenario is certainly not earthshaking , this depiction of fluctuating female sexuality has two winning lead performances and charm to spare .	1
the subtle strength of " elling " is that it never loses touch with the reality of the grim situation .	1
a lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world .	1
what's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director's talent . watching a brian depalma movie is like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers .	1
there is nothing outstanding about this film , but it is good enough and will likely be appreciated most by sailors and folks who know their way around a submarine .	1
a terrific b movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory .	1
certainly the performances are worthwhile .	1
about a manga-like heroine who fights back at her abusers , it's energetic and satisfying if not deep and psychological .	1
no wonder they're talking about " talk to her . " it's astonishing .	1
heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart .	1
when you think you've figured out bielinsky's great game , that's when you're in the most trouble : he's the con , and you're just the mark .	1
paid in full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks .	1
what lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map .	1
not as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort .	1
it's hard not to be seduced by [witherspoon's] charisma , even in this run-of-the-mill vehicle , because this girl knows how to drive it to the max .	1
it's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good .	1
it is amusing , and that's all it needs to be .	1
by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best .	1
if you grew up on scooby -- you'll love this movie . matthew lillard is born to play shaggy !	1
grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length	1
leigh makes these lives count . and he allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range .	1
there has to be a few advantages to never growing old . like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you're over 100 .	1
it would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde's classic satire .	1
harsh , effective documentary on life in the israeli-occupied palestinian territories .	1
the more you think about the movie , the more you will probably like it .	1
the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a " dungeons and dragons " fantasy with modern military weaponry . . .	1
although tender and touching , the movie would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing .	1
[reynolds] takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch .	1
stuffed to the brim with ideas , american instigator michael moore's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .	1
'enigma' is the kind of engaging historical drama that hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of 'we were soldiers . '	1
visually fascinating . . . an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .	1
left me with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of charlotte's web of desire and desperation .	1
she's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations .	1
" birthday girl " is an actor's movie first and foremost .	1
less front-loaded and more shapely than the two-hour version released here in 1990 .	1
it certainly won't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time .	1
all in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that don't really care for the candidate they're forced to follow .	1
although frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution it is a remarkably original work .	1
a pleasant enough romance with intellectual underpinnings , the kind of movie that entertains even as it turns maddeningly predictable .	1
the picture's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .	1
an absorbing , slice-of-depression life that touches nerves and rings true .	1
. . . while dark water isn't a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .	1
below may not mark mr . twohy's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished .	1
is it a total success ? no . is it something any true film addict will want to check out ? you bet .	1
. . . tunney is allowed to build an uncommonly human character , an almost real-live girl complete with trouble and hope .	1
moody , heartbreaking , and filmed in a natural , unforced style that makes its characters seem entirely convincing even when its script is not .	1
a splendid entertainment , young in spirit but accomplished in all aspects with the fullness of spirit and sense of ease that comes only with experience .	1
achieves a sort of filmic epiphany that revels in the true potential of the medium .	1
one of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever .	1
lends itself to the narcotizing bland ( sinister , though not nearly so sinister as the biennial disney girl movie ) machinations of the biennial disney boy movie .	1
charming and funny ( but ultimately silly ) movie .	1
the tone is balanced , reflective and reasonable .	1
this is one of the year's best films .	1
de oliveira creates an emotionally rich , poetically plump and visually fulsome , but never showy , film whose bittersweet themes are reinforced and brilliantly personified by michel piccoli .	1
a compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother's hold over her .	1
it's fairly solid--not to mention well edited so that it certainly doesn't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .	1
the film reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style . the difference is that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne	1
a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film .	1
using an endearing cast , writer/director dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred .	1
the weight of the piece , the unerring professionalism of the chilly production , and the fascination embedded in the lurid topic prove recommendation enough .	1
the principals in this cast are all fine , but bishop and stevenson are standouts .	1
'divertida , enternecedora , universal y profundamente sincera , es una de las mejores comedias románticas en mucho tiempo . una verdadera delicia . '	1
a meditation on faith and madness , frailty is blood-curdling stuff .	1
this story of a determined woman's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments .	1
american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone .	1
psychologically revealing .	1
a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects .	1
it turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .	1
the hours makes you examine your own life in much the same way its characters do , and the experience is profound . the hours is what movies are supposed to be . . .	1
infidelity drama is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by diane lane .	1
enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse .	1
a comic gem with some serious sparkles .	1
features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film .	1
it's stylishly directed with verve . . .	1
it's a humble effort , but spiced with wry humor and genuine pathos , especially between morgan and redgrave .	1
the sword fighting is well done and auteuil is a goofy pleasure .	1
moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought . better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .	1
it's a bittersweet and lyrical mix of elements .	1
there's a wickedly subversive bent to the best parts of birthday girl .	1
a playful iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences .	1
makes even the claustrophobic on-board quarters seem fun .	1
a bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .	1
same song , second verse , coulda been better , but it coulda been worse .	1
good ol' urban legend stuff .	1
underachieves only in not taking the shakespeare parallels quite far enough .	1
but this is not a movie about an inhuman monster ; it's about a very human one .	1
it's not exactly a gourmet meal but the fare is fair , even coming from the drive-thru .	1
what eric schaeffer has accomplished with never again may not , strictly speaking , qualify as revolutionary . but it's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .	1
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other .	1
by candidly detailing the politics involved in the creation of an extraordinary piece of music , [jones] calls our attention to the inherent conflict between commerce and creativity .	1
a movie that reminds us of just how exciting and satisfying the fantasy cinema can be when it's approached with imagination and flair .	1
bill morrison's decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful .	1
writer and director otar iosseliani's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls .	1
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart .	1
the level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we've long associated with washington the actor .	1
take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he'll be your slave for a year .	1
good , solid storytelling .	1
proves that some movie formulas don't need messing with -- like the big-bug movie .	1
a gorgeous , high-spirited musical from india that exquisitely blends music , dance , song , and high drama .	1
i love the way that it took chances and really asks you to take these great leaps of faith and pays off .	1
a gift to anyone who loves both dance and cinema	1
very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .	1
a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary .	1
barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful .	1
el título no engaña : la película narra una historia donde una mujer enfrentará cierta realidad , y donde el sexo es . . .	1
while the ideas about techno-saturation are far from novel , they're presented with a wry dark humor .	1
katz uses archival footage , horrifying documents of lynchings , still photographs and charming old reel-to-reel recordings of meeropol entertaining his children to create his song history , but most powerful of all is the song itself	1
those who don't entirely 'get' godard's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .	1
hard , endearing , caring , warm . bring tissues .	1
this road movie gives you emotional whiplash , and you'll be glad you went along for the ride .	1
on this tricky topic , tadpole is very much a step in the right direction , with its blend of frankness , civility and compassion .	1
some actors have so much charisma that you'd be happy to listen to them reading the phone book . hugh grant and sandra bullock are two such likeable actors .	1
made to be jaglomized is the cannes film festival , the annual riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money . the charming result is festival in cannes .	1
it's the filmmakers' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .	1
it gives devastating testimony to both people's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good .	1
feardotcom's thrills are all cheap , but they mostly work .	1
the film's appeal has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth .	1
while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo . . . broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .	1
in imax in short , it's just as wonderful on the big screen .	1
es divertida , visualmente espectacular y muy entretenida . simple y sencillamente te sorprenderá .	1
with three excellent principal singers , a youthful and good-looking diva and tenor and richly handsome locations , it's enough to make you wish jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .	1
greengrass has delivered an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force , and has managed elements such as sound and cinematography with skill	1
the filmmakers' eye for detail and the high standards of performance convey a strong sense of the girls' environment .	1
a tender and touching drama , based on the true story of a troubled african-american's quest to come to terms with his origins , reveals the yearning we all have in our hearts for acceptance within the family circle .	1
told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings .	1
an incredibly low-rent danish film , it brings a group of people together in a sweet and charming way , if a little convenient	1
as lo-fi as the special effects are , the folks who cobbled nemesis together indulge the force of humanity over hardware in a way that george lucas has long forgotten .	1
if you're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus , sade is your film .	1
an irresistible combination of a rousing good story set on a truly grand scale .	1
entertains by providing good , lively company .	1
the movie should be credited with remembering his victims .	1
the quirky and recessive charms of co-stars martin donovan and mary-louise parker help overcome the problematic script .	1
there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care .	1
the actors are fantastic . they are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre .	1
it's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer's most pleasurable movies .	1
diverting french comedy in which a husband has to cope with the pesky moods of jealousy .	1
the genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .	1
the rock is destined to be the 21st century's new " conan " and that he's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal .	1
a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm .	1
stevens' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls .	1
this comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative .	1
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it .	1
there's something about a marching band that gets me where i live .	1
brilliantly written and well-acted , yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film .	1
compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children .	1
wise and deadpan humorous .	1
evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking .	1
i liked this film a lot . . .	1
the acting alone is worth the price of admission .	1
i'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , but , for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway , the hours represents two of those well spent .	1
if there's no art here , it's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .	1
in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song .	1
ruzowitzky has taken this mothball-y stuff and made a rather sturdy , old-fashioned entertainment out of it .	1
if mostly martha is mostly unsurprising , it's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .	1
an exhilarating futuristic thriller-noir , minority report twists the best of technology around a gripping story , delivering a riveting , pulse intensifying escapist adventure of the first order	1
rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material .	1
with a large cast representing a broad cross-section , tavernier's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of " his girl friday , " maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .	1
if ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing .	1
a charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother/daughter relationship .	1
more intimate than spectacular , e . t . is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .	1
'frailty " starts out like a typical bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme .	1
a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ‘direct-to-video' release .	1
ahhhh . . . revenge is sweet !	1
a rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation .	1
just another fish-out-of-water story that barely stays afloat .	1
a very funny movie .	1
you won't like roger , but you will quickly recognize him . and that's a big part of why we go to the movies .	1
the pleasure of read my lips is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string . we're drawn in by the dark luster .	1
murderous maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy . . .	1
. . . ambition is in short supply in the cinema , and egoyan tackles his themes and explores his characters' crises with seriousness and compassion .	1
. . . a solid , well-formed satire .	1
a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you .	1
despite its flaws , crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle .	1
nicole kidman makes it a party worth attending .	1
while parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast . . . have made the old boy's characters more quick-witted than any english lit major would have thought possible .	1
a riveting documentary .	1
in the long , dishonorable history of quickie teen-pop exploitation , like mike stands out for its only partly synthetic decency .	1
idiotic and ugly .	1
a decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies .	1
moving and vibrant .	1
a lot of the credit for the film's winning tone must go to grant , who hasn't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .	1
an effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work .	1
it might be 'easier' to watch on video at home , but that shouldn't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience .	1
you're not merely watching history , you're engulfed by it .	1
the stripped-down dramatic constructs , austere imagery and abstract characters are equal parts poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt .	1
the diversity of the artists represented , both in terms of style and ethnicity , prevents the proceedings from feeling repetitious , as does the appropriately brief 40-minute running time .	1
offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of beijing .	1
one of those rare , exhilarating cinematic delights that gets even better in hindsight , as you mull over its every nuance in your mind .	1
most impressive , though , is the film's open-ended finale that refuses to entirely close its characters' emotional wounds .	1
leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama .	1
piercingly affecting . . . while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying .	1
the whole mildly pleasant outing -- the r rating is for brief nudity and a grisly corpse -- remains aloft not on its own self-referential hot air , but on the inspired performance of tim allen .	1
all comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad .	1
deflated ending aside , there's much to recommend the film .	1
who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the 'qatsi' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ?	1
a sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect .	1
the director , steven shainberg , has succeeded by focusing intently on his characters , making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun .	1
add yet another hat to a talented head , clooney's a good director .	1
the unexplored story opportunities of " punch-drunk love " may have worked against the maker's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson .	1
quando tiros em columbine acerta o alvo ( com o perdão do trocadilho ) , não há como negar o brilhantismo da argumentação de seu diretor .	1
speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .	1
you'll end up moved .	1
the saturation bombing of reggio's images and glass' evocative music . . . ultimately leaves viewers with the task of divining meaning .	1
exquisitely acted and masterfully if preciously interwoven… [the film] addresses in a fascinating , intelligent manner the intermingling of race , politics and local commerce .	1
the best way to describe it is as a cross between paul thomas anderson's magnolia and david lynch's mulholland dr .	1
more than their unique residences , home movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .	1
this new zealand coming-of-age movie isn't really about anything . when it's this rich and luscious , who cares ?	1
fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .	1
[f]rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .	1
it's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan's unique directing style .	1
among the year's most intriguing explorations of alientation .	1
[villeneuve] seems to realize intuitively that even morality is reduced to an option by the ultimate mysteries of life and death .	1
it's all entertaining enough , but don't look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper .	1
a conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in ireland over a man's right to raise his own children .	1
overall , it's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs .	1
the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make love a joy to behold .	1
old-form moviemaking at its best .	1
a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama .	1
it's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , as long as you don't try to look too deep into the story	1
when it's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama , " real women have curves " is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .	1
cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .	1
despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .	1
cho's timing is priceless .	1
australia : land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place .	1
flawed but worthy look at life in u . s . relocation camps .	1
a tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers .	1
if you're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , i have just one word for you -– decasia	1
a distant , even sterile , yet compulsively watchable look at the sordid life of hogan's heroes star bob crane .	1
even when it drags , we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking	1
the film's welcome breeziness and some unbelievably hilarious moments -- most portraying the idiocy of the film industry -- make it mostly worth the trip .	1
a compelling french psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart .	1
like its title character , this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end .	1
it has charm to spare , and unlike many romantic comedies , it does not alienate either gender in the audience .	1
for a movie audience , the hours doesn't connect in a neat way , but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love .	1
there are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances , but brown sugar turns out to be a sweet and enjoyable fantasy .	1
has far more energy , wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a " 2 " at the end of its title .	1
rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language .	1
corny , schmaltzy and predictable , but still manages to be kind of heartwarming , nonetheless . it's the perfect kind of film to see when you don't want to use your brain . at all .	1
[broomfield] uncovers a story powerful enough to leave the screen sizzling with intrigue .	1
i like it . there is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane .	1
moonlight mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things . it is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter .	1
if not a home run , then at least a solid base hit .	1
martin and barbara are complex characters -- sometimes tender , sometimes angry -- and the delicate performances by sven wollter and viveka seldahl make their hopes and frustrations vivid .	1
my big fat greek wedding uses stereotypes in a delightful blend of sweet romance and lovingly dished out humor .	1
ian holm conquers france as an earthy napoleon	1
no screen fantasy-adventure in recent memory has the showmanship of clones' last 45 minutes .	1
more than anything else , kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again .	1
classic cinema served up with heart and humor	1
a winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others .	1
the inhospitability of the land emphasizes the spare precision of the narratives and helps to give them an atavistic power , as if they were tales that had been handed down since the beginning of time .	1
i found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound .	1
it's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn . nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining .	1
measured against practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor the silence of the lambs , red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .	1
a thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt coming-of-age comedy .	1
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china .	1
tsai ming-liang's witty , wistful new film , what time is it there ? , is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly .	1
'if you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . '	1
<em>ash wednesday</em> is not edward burns' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film . and it marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today .	1
it's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest .	1
one thing you have to give them credit for : the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company's previous video work .	1
dog soldiers doesn't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it .	1
many a parent and their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching a walk to remember . so could young romantics out on a date .	1
although i didn't hate this one , it's not very good either . it can be safely recommended as a video/dvd babysitter .	1
rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results . last dance , whatever its flaws , fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that's true .	1
an absurdist comedy about alienation , separation and loss .	1
offers an unusual opportunity to observe the inequities in the death penalty , not just the inherent immorality but also the haphazard administration of it and public misperception of how the whole thing works .	1
medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt . that's why sex and lucia is so alluring .	1
having never been a huge fan of dickens' 800-page novel , it surprised me how much pleasure i had watching mcgrath's version .	1
an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement .	1
if you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together , then go see this delightful comedy .	1
its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .	1
instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral , schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .	1
collateral damage finally delivers the goods for schwarzenegger fans .	1
the sort of film that makes me miss hitchcock , but also feel optimistic that there's hope for popular cinema yet .	1
it's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .	1
while it has definite weaknesses -- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight .	1
the film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .	1
it is definitely worth seeing .	1
it's an offbeat treat that pokes fun at the democratic exercise while also examining its significance for those who take part .	1
combines improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably touched .	1
[jeff's] gorgeous , fluid compositions , underlined by neil finn and edmund mcwilliams's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , but rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent .	1
it sounds sick and twisted , but the miracle of shainberg's film is that it truly is romance	1
[leigh] has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .	1
an energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up .	1
[fessenden] is much more into ambiguity and creating mood than he is for on screen thrills	1
it makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing .	1
thurman and lewis are hilarious throughout .	1
with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi's , dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy .	1
it cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you .	1
the thing about guys like evans is this : you're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins . but as you watch the movie , you're too interested to care .	1
dazzling and sugar-sweet , a blast of shallow magnificence that only sex , scandal , and a chorus line of dangerous damsels can deliver .	1
the film's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise .	1
remains a solid , if somewhat heavy-handed , account of the near-disaster . . . done up by howard with a steady , if not very imaginative , hand .	1
skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .	1
. . . a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year .	1
much of the movie's charm lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo . their computer-animated faces are very expressive .	1
don't judge this one too soon - it's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going .	1
more romantic , more emotional and ultimately more satisfying than the teary-eyed original .	1
as they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , signs is a tribute to shyamalan's gifts , which are such that we'll keep watching the skies for his next project .	1
a weird , arresting little ride .	1
schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms . mirren , who did ) , has succeeded beyond all expectation .	1
the film is a very good viewing alternative for young women .	1
unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from france .	1
awkward but sincere and , ultimately , it wins you over .	1
the film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all can't stand .	1
watching this film , what we feel isn't mainly suspense or excitement . the dominant feeling is something like nostalgia .	1
what's not to like about a movie with a 'children's' song that includes the line 'my stepdad's not mean , he's just adjusting' ?	1
hugely accomplished slice of hitchcockian suspense .	1
not only a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made .	1
all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost .	1
p . t . anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible .	1
the climactic events are so well realized that you may forget all about the original conflict , just like the movie does	1
blade ii is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or she's gonna make you feel like you owe her big-time .	1
a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination .	1
you just know something terrible is going to happen . but when it does , you're entirely unprepared .	1
it would be disingenuous to call reno a great film , but you can say that about most of the flicks moving in and out of the multiplex . this is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn .	1
this is the kind of movie that used to be right at home at the saturday matinee , and it still is .	1
. . . blade ii is more enjoyable than the original .	1
a no-holds-barred cinematic treat .	1
my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as 'a perfect family film , ' because it's about family .	1
a damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film .	1
edited and shot with a syncopated style mimicking the work of his subjects , pray turns the idea of the documentary on its head , making it rousing , invigorating fun lacking any mtv puffery .	1
i don't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he's made at least one damn fine horror movie .	1
although it bangs a very cliched drum at times , this crowd-pleaser's fresh dialogue , energetic music , and good-natured spunk are often infectious .	1
great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex .	1
even through its flaws , revolution #9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film .	1
drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power .	1
jeffrey tambor's performance as the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator is oscar-worthy .	1
a richly imagined and admirably mature work from a gifted director who definitely has something on his mind .	1
the movie's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- is surprisingly refreshing .	1
famuyiwa's feature deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer .	1
for those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed .	1
a passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action .	1
offers that rare combination of entertainment and education .	1
it's a glorious spectacle like those d . w . griffith made in the early days of silent film .	1
one of the year's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces .	1
a work of astonishing delicacy and force .	1
exquisitely nuanced in mood tics and dialogue , this chamber drama is superbly acted by the deeply appealing veteran bouquet and the chilling but quite human berling .	1
it's mostly a pleasure to watch . and the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .	1
. . . with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .	1
a compassionate , moving portrait of an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp .	1
immersing us in the endlessly inventive , fiercely competitive world of hip-hop djs , the project is sensational and revelatory , even if scratching makes you itch .	1
the plot of the comeback curlers isn't very interesting actually , but what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what's unique and quirky about canadians .	1
anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but can't afford the $20 million ticket to ride a russian rocket should catch this imax offering .	1
as a revenge thriller , the movie is serviceable , but it doesn't really deliver the delicious guilty pleasure of the better film versions .	1
the son of the bride's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also isn't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues . this movie is to be cherished .	1
a gripping movie , played with performances that are all understated and touching .	1
. . . one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages . . .	1
if you're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger , enough is just the ticket you need .	1
the son's room is a triumph of gentility that earns its moments of pathos .	1
majidi's poetic love story is a ravishing consciousness-raiser , if a bit draggy at times .	1
'estupendamente actuada , sumamente emotiva y profundamente humana , es una experiencia fílmica imposible de olvidar'	1
the filmmakers wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him .	1
pipe dream does have its charms . the leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly .	1
can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music	1
the obnoxious title character provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc .	1
it was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo .	1
i don't think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version . but i do .	1
isn't quite the equal of woo's best earlier work , but it's easily his finest american film . . . comes close to recapturing the brilliance of his hong kong films .	1
warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message . i loved this film .	1
. . . always remains movingly genuine .	1
the kind of sense of humor that derives from a workman's grasp of pun and entendre and its attendant need to constantly draw attention to itself .	1
the crime matters less than the characters , although the filmmakers supply enough complications , close calls and double-crosses to satisfy us .	1
once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave . chances are you won't , either .	1
building slowly and subtly , the film , sporting a breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations , develops into a significant character study that is both moving and wise .	1
a good music documentary , probably one of the best since the last waltz .	1
despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .	1
evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made mamet's " house of games " and last fall's " heist " so much fun .	1
look , this is a terrific flick replete with dazzling camera-work , dancing and music .	1
kinnear and dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers .	1
a gentle and engrossing character study .	1
a thoughtful , moving piece that faces difficult issues with honesty and beauty .	1
a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish .	1
the best part about " gangs " was daniel day-lewis .	1
overall , cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .	1
it's a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to .	1
despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances .	1
constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act .	1
britney has been delivered to the big screen safe and sound , the way we like our 20-year-old superstar girls to travel on the fame freeway .	1
more vaudeville show than well-constructed narrative , but on those terms it's inoffensive and actually rather sweet .	1
you may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet .	1
it provides an honest look at a community striving to anchor itself in new grounds .	1
this insightful , oscar-nominated documentary , in which children on both sides of the ever-escalating conflict have their say away from watchful parental eyes , gives peace yet another chance .	1
based on a devilishly witty script by heather mcgowan and niels mueller , the film gets great laughs , but never at the expense of its characters	1
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities .	1
it's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but .	1
first-time writer-director serry shows a remarkable gift for storytelling with this moving , effective little film .	1
sweetly sexy , funny and touching .	1
there is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us .	1
all the performances are top notch and , once you get through the accents , all or nothing becomes an emotional , though still positive , wrench of a sit .	1
this is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade .	1
as part of mr . dong's continuing exploration of homosexuality in america , family fundamentals is an earnest study in despair .	1
a highly spirited , imaginative kid's movie that broaches neo-augustinian theology : is god stuck in heaven because he's afraid of his best-known creation ?	1
one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace .	1
this is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .	1
with dickens' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told .	1
well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin .	1
the next generation of mob movie . part low rent godfather . part three stooges .	1
not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions .	1
one funny popcorn flick .	1
genuinely unnerving .	1
instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western , it's an unpretentious , sociologically pointed slice of life .	1
as hugh grant says repeatedly throughout the movie , 'lovely ! brilliant ! '	1
great over-the-top moviemaking if you're in a slap-happy mood .	1
it's unlikely we'll see a better thriller this year .	1
invincible is a wonderful movie .	1
writer/director mark romanek spotlights the underlying caste system in america . it's a scathing portrayal .	1
it confirms fincher's status as a film maker who artfully bends technical know-how to the service of psychological insight .	1
bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .	1
it's the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of sarah and harrison .	1
i was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .	1
a drama of great power , yet some members of the audience will leave the theater believing they have seen a comedy .	1
a charmer from belgium .	1
. . . brian de palma is utterly mad : cinema mad , set-piece mad , style mad . it's a beautiful madness .	1
as home movie gone haywire , it's pretty enjoyable , but as sexual manifesto , i'd rather listen to old tori amos records .	1
effective but too-tepid biopic	1
it's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas .	1
possession is elizabeth barrett browning meets nancy drew , and it's directed by . . . neil labute . hmm .	1
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene's prose , and it's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american .	1
the overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude .	1
para hitler , o mundo era sua tela ; e o horror , seu pincel . e max retrata este fato com elegante abandono , numa triste constatação da realidade histórica .	1
the continued good chemistry between carmen and juni is what keeps this slightly disappointing sequel going , with enough amusing banter -- blessedly curse-free -- to keep both kids and parents entertained .	1
like mike isn't interested in recycling old cliches . it wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor .	1
in a summer of clones , harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .	1
the philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film's action in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable .	1
it's soulful and unslick , and that's apparently just what [aniston] has always needed to grow into a movie career .	1
absorbing and disturbing -- perhaps more disturbing than originally intended -- but a little clarity would have gone a long way .	1
while general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music , they'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .	1
sweet and memorable film .	1
in a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .	1
with the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like tremors , eight legged freaks is prime escapist fare .	1
it made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters . i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love 'real' .	1
i walked away from this new version of e . t . just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes .	1
a fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending . certainly the big finish wasn't something galinsky and hawley could have planned for . . . but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps .	1
eric schweig and graham greene both exude an air of dignity that's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .	1
pratfalls aside , barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .	1
the mesmerizing performances of the leads keep the film grounded and keep the audience riveted .	1
while i can't say it's on par with the first one , stuart little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie .	1
you'll get the enjoyable basic minimum . but not a whit more .	1
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul's-eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case .	1
dark and disturbing , but also surprisingly funny .	1
a thriller made from a completist's checklist rather than with a cultist's passion .	1
the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery .	1
two weeks notice has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy .	1
the komediant is a tale worth catching .	1
a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling .	1
at its best ( and it does have some very funny sequences ) looking for leonard reminds you just how comically subversive silence can be .	1
must be seen to be believed .	1
consummate actor barry has done excellent work here .	1
[shyamalan] continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .	1
this is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that doesn't reveal even a hint of artifice .	1
what emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice . promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents' anguish .	1
gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , [harris] brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging sandeman .	1
captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics .	1
interacting eyeball-to-eyeball and toe-to-toe , hopkins and norton are a winning combination -- but fiennes steals 'red dragon' right from under their noses .	1
amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop .	1
alain choquart's camera barely stops moving , portraying both the turmoil of the time and giving conduct a perpetual sense of urgency , which , for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool , is both funny and irritating .	1
refreshing .	1
as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers .	1
for its seriousness , high literary aspirations and stunning acting , the film can only be applauded .	1
if nothing else , this movie introduces a promising , unusual kind of psychological horror .	1
celebrated at sundance , this slight comedy of manners has winning performances and a glossy , glib charm that's hard to beat .	1
visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it's the very definition of epic adventure .	1
a solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket .	1
overall , interesting as a documentary -- but not very imaxy .	1
. . . in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy , it doesn't disappoint .	1
featuring a dangerously seductive performance from the great daniel auteuil , " sade " covers the same period as kaufmann's " quills " with more unsettlingly realistic results .	1
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was earnest .	1
this is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that's as entertaining as it is instructive .	1
it's enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins .	1
baran isn't the most transporting or gripping film from iran -- or , indeed , by its director -- but it's a worthy companion to the many fine , focused films emerging from that most surprising of nations .	1
a hugely rewarding experience that's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones's diary .	1
on the heels of the ring comes a similarly morose and humorless horror movie that , although flawed , is to be commended for its straight-ahead approach to creepiness .	1
the movie exists for its soccer action and its fine acting .	1
for a long time the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them .	1
. . . spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative .	1
the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .	1
by no means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one .	1
it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships .	1
despite what anyone believes about the goal of its makers , the show . . . represents a spectacular piece of theater , and there's no denying the talent of the creative forces behind it .	1
even if you can't pronounce " gyro " correctly , you'll appreciate much of vardalos' humor , which transcends ethnic boundaries .	1
an impressive debut for first-time writer-director mark romanek , especially considering his background is in music video .	1
the observations of this social/economic/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony .	1
lapaglia's ability to convey grief and hope works with weaver's sensitive reactions to make this a two-actor master class .	1
[moore's] better at fingering problems than finding solutions . but though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .	1
' . . . both hokey and super-cool , and definitely not in a hurry , so sit back , relax and have a few laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat . '	1
an infinitely wittier version of the home alone formula .	1
brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life .	1
a stunning and overwhelmingly cogent case for kissinger as a calculating war criminal .	1
one of [herzog's] least inspired works .	1
the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome .	1
imagine o . henry's <b>the gift of the magi</b> relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc's drug scene . merry friggin' christmas !	1
heaven is a haunting dramatization of a couple's moral ascension .	1
both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .	1
a poignant lyricism runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .	1
it's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .	1
standing in the shadows of motown is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow .	1
if the first men in black was money , the second is small change . but it still jingles in the pocket . it's fun lite .	1
star wars is back in a major way .	1
i won't argue with anyone who calls 'slackers' dumb , insulting , or childish . . . but i laughed so much that i didn't mind .	1
it's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series .	1
intimate and panoramic .	1
vividly conveys the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two english women .	1
i admired this work a lot .	1
rubbo's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy .	1
an entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie .	1
an enjoyably half-wit remake of the venerable italian comedy big deal on madonna street .	1
an enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment .	1
like rudy yellow lodge , eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .	1
ofrece una buena oportunidad de cultura ( aunque sea condensada ) que bien vale la pena aprovechar .	1
lookin' for sin , american-style ? try hell house , which documents the cautionary christian spook-a-rama of the same name .	1
an exhilarating experience .	1
it's an old story , but a lively script , sharp acting and partially animated interludes make just a kiss seem minty fresh .	1
i whole-heartedly recommend that everyone see this movie-- for its historical significance alone .	1
alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise .	1
this big screen caper has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow .	1
where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .	1
[ " take care of my cat " ] is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .	1
it's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .	1
brosnan is more feral in this film than i've seen him before and halle berry does her best to keep up with him .	1
directors brett morgen and nanette burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia .	1
" the quiet american " begins in saigon in 1952 . that's its first sign of trouble .	1
too damn weird to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better ) than pink floyd tickets .	1
light , cute and forgettable .	1
rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style--casting excellent latin actors of all ages--a trend long overdue .	1
cute , funny , heartwarming digitally animated feature film with plenty of slapstick humor for the kids , lots of in-jokes for the adults and heart enough for everyone .	1
ultimately feels empty and unsatisfying , like swallowing a communion wafer without the wine .	1
exploits [headbanger] stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter .	1
if it's not entirely memorable , the movie is certainly easy to watch .	1
you might not buy the ideas . but you'll definitely want the t-shirt .	1
this is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch .	1
the film presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet .	1
smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country .	1
there are a few stabs at absurdist comedy . . . but mostly the humor is of the sweet , gentle and occasionally cloying kind that has become an iranian specialty .	1
this is cool , slick stuff , ready to quench the thirst of an audience that misses the summer blockbusters .	1
the movie is ingenious fun . see it .	1
i liked about schmidt a lot , but i have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed .	1
. . . only bond can save us from the latest eccentric , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction .	1
. . . begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot .	1
consistently clever and suspenseful .	1
too much of storytelling moves away from solondz's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur's professional injuries .	1
[gai] comes closer to any actress i can remember to personifying independence in its purest and , yes , most intimidating form .	1
jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness .	1
it does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .	1
between the drama of cube ? s personal revelations regarding what the shop means in the big picture , iconic characters gambol fluidly through the story , with charming results .	1
smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play .	1
the wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained , but its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic .	1
he's the scariest guy you'll see all summer .	1
earnest , unsubtle and hollywood-predictable , green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese .	1
works because , for the most part , it avoids the stupid cliches and formulaic potholes that befall its brethren .	1
a bowel-curdling , heart-stopping recipe for terror .	1
if " lilo & stitch " isn't the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since " dumbo " certainly ranks as the most original in years .	1
the reason this picture works better than its predecessors is that myers is no longer simply spoofing the mini-mod-madness of '60s spy movies .	1
this is a very fine movie -- go see it .	1
tells a fascinating , compelling story .	1
while not all that bad of a movie , it's nowhere near as good as the original .	1
hashiguchi uses the situation to evoke a japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation .	1
at its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .	1
a smart , compelling drama .	1
wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film .	1
some movies are like a tasty hors-d'oeuvre ; this one is a feast .	1
a delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by michael gondry .	1
one of creepiest , scariest movies to come along in a long , long time , easily rivaling blair witch or the others .	1
illuminating if overly talky documentary .	1
ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese 'cultural revolution . '	1
bring on the sequel .	1
close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air .	1
sensitively examines general issues of race and justice among the poor , and specifically raises serious questions about the death penalty and asks what good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do .	1
really is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart .	1
if mr . zhang's subject matter is , to some degree at least , quintessentially american , his approach to storytelling might be called iranian .	1
rare birds has more than enough charm to make it memorable .	1
fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we're seeing something purer than the real thing .	1
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin .	1
not since tom cruise in risky business has an actor made such a strong impression in his underwear .	1
morton is a great actress portraying a complex character , but morvern callar grows less compelling the farther it meanders from its shocking start .	1
has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre .	1
the film has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side .	1
seeing seinfeld at home as he watches his own appearance on letterman with a clinical eye reminds you that the key to stand-up is to always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but .	1
the pianist is a fine valedictory work for polanski , made richer by his own experiences , making his other movies somehow richer in the bargain .	1
if you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though . . . you will likely enjoy this monster .	1
fine acting but there is no sense of connecting the dots , just dots .	1
. . . a joke at once flaky and resonant , lightweight and bizarrely original .	1
. . . a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking .	1
an asian neo-realist treasure .	1
huppert gives erika a persona that is so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she'll crack .	1
this is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . mr . scorsese's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated .	1
a hard look at one man's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of claude chabrol .	1
ultimately , it ponders the reasons we need stories so much .	1
it's all a rather shapeless good time . . .	1
the film is beautifully mounted , but , more to the point , the issues are subtly presented , managing to walk a fine line with regard to the question of joan's madness .	1
everytime you think undercover brother has run out of steam , it finds a new way to surprise and amuse .	1
a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing	1
viveka seldahl and sven wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget .	1
pacino and williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film . what results is the best performance from either in years .	1
jeong-hyang lee's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying .	1
catch it . . . if you can !	1
leigh isn't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love .	1
director chris wedge and screenwriters michael berg , michael j . wilson and peter ackerman create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time .	1
. . . pray doesn't have a passion for the material . he nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .	1
the bodily function jokes are about what you'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie .	1
while the stoically delivered hokum of hart's war is never fun , it's still a worthy addition to the growing canon of post-saving private ryan tributes to the greatest generation .	1
the characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .	1
a big , gorgeous , sprawling swashbuckler that delivers its diversions in grand , uncomplicated fashion .	1
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one's mother .	1
beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that's there to scare while we delight in the images .	1
robert harmon's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in -the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film's thick shadows .	1
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve . . . as far as art is concerned , it's mission accomplished .	1
. . . does such a fine job of engulfing you in its world and allying you with its characters' choices , good and ill , that its shortcomings are remembered only as an afterthought .	1
rabbit-proof fence will probably make you angry . but it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that doesn't make you feel like a sucker .	1
everywhere the camera looks there is something worth seeing .	1
a surprisingly 'solid' achievement by director malcolm d . lee and writer john ridley .	1
great character interaction .	1
as underwater ghost stories go , below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle .	1
spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually improves upon the original hit movie .	1
insightfully written , delicately performed	1
a woman's pic directed with resonance by ilya chaiken .	1
there's no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film . . . or the emotional integrity of the performances .	1
spider-man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units .	1
director nancy savoca's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could .	1
brian tufano's handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special .	1
eyre is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee .	1
from the big giant titles of the opening credits to elmer bernstein's perfectly melodic score , haynes gets just about everything right .	1
the best of the pierce brosnan james bond films to date .	1
' . . . the film's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '	1
a frisky and fresh romantic comedy exporing sexual politics and the challenges of friendships between women .	1
while this gentle and affecting melodrama will have luvvies in raptures , it's far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience .	1
lathan and diggs have considerable personal charm , and their screen rapport makes the old story seem new .	1
massoud's story is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner ( and ultimately the victim ) of history .	1
when a movie has stuck around for this long , you know there's something there . it's that good .	1
a disturbing examination of what appears to be the definition of a 'bad' police shooting .	1
decasia is what has happened already to so many silent movies , newsreels and the like . the unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful .	1
the best film about baseball to hit theaters since field of dreams .	1
highly watchable stuff .	1
i prefer soderbergh's concentration on his two lovers over tarkovsky's mostly male , mostly patriarchal debating societies .	1
the story is virtually impossible to follow here , but there's a certain style and wit to the dialogue .	1
the mothman prophecies is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey .	1
mel gibson fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency .	1
a conventional but heartwarming tale .	1
expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street .	1
although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick , " orange county " is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .	1
it's another retelling of alexandre dumas' classic . why ? who knows , but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds .	1
the movie's captivating details are all in the performances , from foreman's barking-mad taylor to thewlis's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany/mcdowell's hard-eyed gangster .	1
in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film .	1
the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .	1
who knows what exactly godard is on about in this film , but his words and images don't have to add up to mesmerize you .	1
nettelbeck . . . has a pleasing way with a metaphor .	1
the salton sea has moments of inspired humour , though every scrap is of the darkest variety .	1
it establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout .	1
predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell .	1
the film oozes craft .	1
for the first time in several years , mr . allen has surpassed himself with the magic he's spun with the hollywood empress of ms . leoni's ellie .	1
dense with characters and contains some thrilling moments .	1
there's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau .	1
a lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family .	1
this story still seems timely and important . and there's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after greene's story ends .	1
it's a much more emotional journey than what shyamalan has given us in his past two movies , and gibson , stepping in for bruce willis , is the perfect actor to take us on the trip .	1
' . . . despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '	1
a graceful , contemplative film that gradually and artfully draws us into a world where the personal and the political get fatally intertwined .	1
boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing .	1
we've seen it all before in one form or another , but director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world's greatest teacher .	1
a real movie , about real people , that gives us a rare glimpse into a culture most of us don't know .	1
a classy , sprightly spin on film .	1
. . . spiced with humor ( 'i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ) and witty updatings ( silver's parrot has been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around )	1
together writer-director danny verete's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .	1
this is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography .	1
scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf .	1
may be spoofing an easy target -- those old '50's giant creature features -- but . . . it acknowledges and celebrates their cheesiness as the reason why people get a kick out of watching them today .	1
a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist .	1
this is not chabrol's best , but even his lesser works outshine the best some directors can offer .	1
the sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins .	1
the humor and humanity of monsoon wedding are in perfect balance .	1
it's refreshing to see a romance this smart .	1
an action/thriller of the finest kind , evoking memories of day of the jackal , the french connection , and heat .	1
some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time .	1
a b-movie you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget .	1
quite simply , a joy to watch and--especially--to listen to .	1
what time is it there ? is not easy . it haunts you , you can't forget it , you admire its conception and are able to resolve some of the confusions you had while watching it .	1
works as pretty contagious fun .	1
often hilarious .	1
sensitive , insightful and beautifully rendered film . one of the best of the year .	1
a charming but slight comedy .	1
preaches to two completely different choirs at the same time , which is a pretty amazing accomplishment .	1
it is nature against progress . in fessenden's horror trilogy , this theme has proved important to him and is especially so in the finale .	1
notorious c . h . o . has oodles of vulgar highlights .	1
birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .	1
admirers of director abel ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form .	1
the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by harris , phifer and cam'ron seal the deal .	1
occasionally , in the course of reviewing art-house obscurities and slam-bam action flicks , a jaded critic smacks into something truly new .	1
pretty good little movie .	1
sly , sophisticated and surprising .	1
it's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .	1
[gulpilil] is a commanding screen presence , and his character's abundant humanism makes him the film's moral compass .	1
a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire .	1
the passions aroused by the discord between old and new cultures are set against the strange , stark beauty of the mideast desert , so lovingly and perceptively filmed that you can almost taste the desiccated air .	1
here is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that didn't sell many records but helped change a nation .	1
after watching it , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .	1
one feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism .	1
a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film's ability to make its subject interesting to those who aren't part of its supposed target audience . judging by those standards , 'scratch' is a pretty decent little documentary .	1
what might have been a predictably heartwarming tale is suffused with complexity .	1
it's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .	1
mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances . . . and excellent use of music by india's popular gulzar and jagjit singh .	1
that rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film .	1
shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski's the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high .	1
a stirring , funny and finally transporting re-imagining of beauty and the beast and 1930s horror films	1
the seaside splendor and shallow , beautiful people are nice to look at while you wait for the story to get going .	1
an enjoyable experience .	1
superior genre storytelling , which gets under our skin simply by crossing the nuclear line .	1
superb production values & christian bale's charisma make up for a derivative plot .	1
. . . once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable .	1
the powerpuff girls arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact .	1
full frontal is the antidote for soderbergh fans who think he's gone too commercial since his two oscar nominated films in 2000	1
this version moves beyond the original's nostalgia for the communal film experiences of yesteryear to a deeper realization of cinema's inability to stand in for true , lived experience .	1
the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .	1
a poignant comedy that offers food for thought .	1
it shows us a slice of life that's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .	1
though in some ways similar to catherine breillat's fat girl , rain is the far superior film .	1
an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks .	1
a gangster movie with the capacity to surprise .	1
i can't say that i liked homeboy ; it'd be more accurate to say that i found it intriguing , bizarre , dogma-like in spots - and quite truthful , in its way .	1
this is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery .	1
fulfills the minimum requirement of disney animation .	1
rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , jiang wen's devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut .	1
a complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son's home after decades away .	1
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical . . . the rare sequel that's better than its predecessor .	1
stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .	1
like brosnan's performance , evelyn comes from the heart .	1
a deviant topical comedy which is funny from start to finish .	1
oliveira seems to pursue silent film representation with every mournful composition .	1
a brutally honest documentary about a much anticipated family reunion that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others .	1
abderrahmane sissako's heremakono ( waiting for happiness ) is an elegiac portrait of a transit city on the west african coast struggling against foreign influences .	1
viewers of " the ring " are more likely to remember the haunting images than the plot holes .	1
resourceful and ingenious entertainment .	1
the bottom line is the piece works brilliantly .	1
it's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period .	1
a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades .	1
gloriously goofy ( and gory ) midnight movie stuff .	1
its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work .	1
the ingenious construction ( adapted by david hare from michael cunningham's novel ) constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism	1
the farcical elements seemed too pat and familiar to hold my interest , yet its diverting grim message is a good one .	1
kinnear doesn't aim for our sympathy , but rather delivers a performance of striking skill and depth .	1
alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie . . . tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life .	1
not for the prurient or squeamish , it's a daring if overlong examination of an idolized culture , self-loathing and sexual politics .	1
as lively an account as seinfeld is deadpan .	1
highlights are the terrific performances by christopher plummer , as the prime villain , and nathan lane as vincent crummles , the eccentric theater company manager .	1
soderbergh , like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .	1
an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .	1
a powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution .	1
although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five filipino-americans and their frantic efforts to find love .	1
it all plays out . . . like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller's time out .	1
what a great way to spend 4 units of your day .	1
thanks to ice cube , benjamins feels an awful lot like friday in miami .	1
as a science fiction movie , " minority report " astounds .	1
an operatic , sprawling picture that's entertainingly acted , magnificently shot and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170-minute length .	1
a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director anthony friedman's similarly updated 1970 british production .	1
travels a fascinating arc from hope and euphoria to reality and disillusionment .	1
the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .	1
vividly demonstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop .	1
the fast runner' transports the viewer into an unusual space	1
the most compelling performance of the year adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism .	1
jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .	1
novak manages to capture a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy in the situation with his cast of non-actors and a gritty , no-budget approach .	1
as chilling and fascinating as philippe mora's modern hitler-study , snide and prejudice .	1
manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state .	1
it's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .	1
nachtwey clears the cynicism right out of you . he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .	1
" auto focus " works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era	1
so unassuming and pure of heart , you can't help but warmly extend your arms and yell 'safe ! '	1
[grant] goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it .	1
a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature .	1
without [de niro] , city by the sea would slip under the waves . he drags it back , single-handed .	1
this bracingly truthful antidote to hollywood teenage movies that slather clearasil over the blemishes of youth captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty .	1
the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you won't be disappointed .	1
not the best herzog perhaps , but unmistakably herzog .	1
toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it's hard not to be carried away .	1
it will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .	1
it ultimately stands forth as an important chronicle of the abuses of one of latin america's most oppressive regimes .	1
haneke challenges us to confront the reality of sexual aberration .	1
this nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than an eddie murphy film . and just when you think it can't get any more gay , in pops nathan lane .	1
rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the middle	1
a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling .	1
[a]n utterly charming and hilarious film that reminded me of the best of the disney comedies from the 60s .	1
occasionally funny , always very colorful and enjoyably overblown in the traditional almodóvar style .	1
though the plot is predictable , the movie never feels formulaic , because the attention is on the nuances of the emotional development of the delicate characters .	1
it's a drawling , slobbering , lovable run-on sentence of a film , a southern gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack .	1
just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years .	1
it's a count for our times .	1
very well-written and very well-acted .	1
a brain twister , less a movie-movie than a funny and weird meditation on hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy .	1
nair does capture the complexity of a big family and its trials and tribulations . . .	1
not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture , but few can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one .	1
the film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing .	1
a touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way it captures an italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes .	1
daughter from danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story	1
the movie has an avalanche of eye-popping visual effects .	1
its direction , its script , and weaver's performance as a vaguely discontented woman of substance make for a mildly entertaining 77 minutes , if that's what you're in the mood for .	1
a knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor .	1
good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat .	1
a huge box-office hit in korea , shiri is a must for genre fans .	1
it's not like having a real film of nijinsky , but at least it's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered .	1
a triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light .	1
photographed with melancholy richness and eloquently performed yet also decidedly uncinematic .	1
. . . even if you've never heard of chaplin , you'll still be glued to the screen .	1
the fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad .	1
if you dig on david mamet's mind tricks . . . rent this movie and enjoy !	1
the low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love .	1
i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 . cinematic poetry showcases the city's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything .	1
claire is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains .	1
an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing .	1
a worthy entry into a very difficult genre .	1
with so many bad romances out there , this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .	1
the comic performances are all spot on , especially lee ross's turn as ken .	1
chicago is sophisticated , brash , sardonic , completely joyful in its execution .	1
it's so good that you can practically see the hollywood 'suits' trying to put together the cast and filmmaking team for the all-too -inevitable american remake .	1
a sly dissection of the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties of artistic collaboration .	1
a welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .	1
this beautifully animated epic is never dull .	1
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia's true emotions . . . but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking .	1
the film starts out as competent but unremarkable . . . and gradually grows into something of considerable power .	1
the movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle .	1
provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .	1
this is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain .	1
it provides the grand , intelligent entertainment of a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot .	1
captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted " other . "	1
although it lacks the detail of the book , the film does pack some serious suspense .	1
the santa clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be .	1
fessenden's narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy .	1
even in its most tedious scenes , russian ark is mesmerizing .	1
[dong] makes a valiant effort to understand everyone's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up .	1
the film is quiet , threatening and unforgettable .	1
we root for [clara and paul] , even like them , though perhaps it's an emotion closer to pity .	1
together , tok and o orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death . in the process , they demonstrate that there's still a lot of life in hong kong cinema .	1
this is christmas future for a lot of baby boomers .	1
the wwii drama is well plotted , visually striking and filled with enjoyably complex characters who are never what they first appear .	1
hits one out of the park for the 'they don't make 'em like that anymore' department .	1
the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble .	1
an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud .	1
in other words , it's just another sports drama/character study . yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness . plus , like i already mentioned . . . it's robert duvall ! c'mon !	1
a mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation of a much better book .	1
tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here .	1
a mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director's travel through 300 years of russian history .	1
smart science fiction for grown-ups , with only a few false steps along the way .	1
an enthralling , playful film that constantly frustrates our desire to know the 'truth' about this man , while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that derrida would doubtless give his blessing to .	1
at the end of the movie , my 6-year-old nephew said , " i guess i come from a broken family , and my uncles are all aliens , too . " congrats disney on a job well done , i enjoyed it just as much !	1
it's [ricci's] best work yet , this girl-woman who sincerely believes she can thwart the world's misery with blind good will .	1
take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length .	1
miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary .	1
there is a subversive element to this disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability .	1
it's a glorious groove that leaves you wanting more .	1
narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films . it zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .	1
meyjes . . . has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics .	1
a yarn that respects the marvel version without becoming ensnared by it .	1
when compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , davis' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .	1
the modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals . it's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .	1
kudos to the most enchanting film of the year .	1
film can't quite maintain its initial momentum , but remains sporadically funny throughout .	1
whether you like rap music or loathe it , you can't deny either the tragic loss of two young men in the prime of their talent or the power of this movie .	1
the pinochet case is a searing album of remembrance from those who , having survived , suffered most .	1
like all of egoyan's work , ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .	1
[allen] manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .	1
. . . an enjoyably frothy 'date movie' . . .	1
the film has several strong performances .	1
you emerge dazed , confused as to whether you've seen pornography or documentary .	1
bogdanovich tantalizes by offering a peep show into the lives of the era's creme de la celluloid .	1
is office work really as alienating as 'bartleby' so effectively makes it ?	1
devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower .	1
[clooney's] debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh .	1
one can't deny its seriousness and quality .	1
workmanlike , maybe , but still a film with all the elements that made the other three great , scary times at the movies .	1
assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation .	1
a sad , superior human comedy played out on the back roads of life .	1
twohy's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels .	1
what bubbles up out of john c . walsh's pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch .	1
in some ways , lagaan is quintessential bollywood . except it's much , much better .	1
over the years , hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .	1
extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .	1
audacious-impossible yet compelling . . .	1
the film is a fierce dance of destruction . its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .	1
though only 60 minutes long , the film is packed with information and impressions .	1
the most ingenious film comedy since being john malkovich .	1
at its best , the good girl is a refreshingly adult take on adultery . . .	1
meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .	1
branagh , in his most forceful non-shakespeare screen performance , grounds even the softest moments in the angry revolt of his wit .	1
. . . bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film .	1
the story loses its bite in a last-minute happy ending that's even less plausible than the rest of the picture . much of the way , though , this is a refreshingly novel ride .	1
what [denis] accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film is a double portrait of two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned .	1
a funny film .	1
wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message .	1
the fourth " pokemon " is a diverting--if predictable--adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world's delicate ecological balance .	1
. . . a story we haven't seen on the big screen before , and it's a story that we as americans , and human beings , should know .	1
affirms the gifts of all involved , starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together .	1
there's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence .	1
the work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them . strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency .	1
crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy .	1
as an entertainment , the movie keeps you diverted and best of all , it lightens your wallet without leaving a sting .	1
. . . [the film] works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay .	1
a searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , horrifyingly , ever on the rise .	1
. . . manages to fall closer in quality to silence than to the abysmal hannibal .	1
[stephen] earnhart's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones they currently have .	1
best indie of the year , so far .	1
this orange has some juice , but it's far from fresh-squeezed .	1
what a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride . this is a more fascinating look at the future than " bladerunner " and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .	1
a thinly veiled look at different aspects of chinese life clashing with each other .	1
[ " safe conduct " ] is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage . viva le resistance !	1
parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic . but mostly it's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .	1
a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide .	1
a cautionary tale about the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall .	1
birthday girl doesn't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .	1
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun .	1
its vision of that awkward age when sex threatens to overwhelm everything else is acute enough to make everyone who has been there squirm with recognition .	1
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u . s . -- a major director is emerging in world cinema .	1
not only does spider-man deliver , but i suspect it might deliver again and again .	1
sometimes , nothing satisfies like old-fashioned swashbuckling . and in this regard , on guard delivers .	1
an intelligently made ( and beautifully edited ) picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch .	1
a story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously . it is also beautifully acted .	1
a chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness .	1
the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that it's actually watchable . even more baffling is that it's funny .	1
with we were soldiers , hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in .	1
it has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .	1
deliriously funny , fast and loose , accessible to the uninitiated , and full of surprises	1
there's . . . tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate .	1
one of the pleasures in walter's documentary . . . is the parade of veteran painters , confounded dealers , and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject's mysterious personality without ever explaining him .	1
while the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course . . . director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .	1
the heart of the film is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death .	1
no , it's not as single-minded as john carpenter's original , but it's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels .	1
japanese director shohei imamura's latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime .	1
it's not particularly subtle . . . however , it still manages to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion .	1
jason x has cheesy effects and a hoary plot , but its macabre , self-deprecating sense of humor makes up for a lot .	1
a remarkable film by bernard rose .	1
it's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas .	1
for all its failed connections , divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood is nurturing , in a gauzy , dithering way .	1
often moving and explores the discomfort inherent in the contacts between the american 'hosts' and their 'guests . '	1
writer/ director m . night shyamalan's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .	1
. . . the gentle melding of drama and comedy makes " what time is it there ? " something the true film buff will enjoy .	1
it's the best film of the year so far , the benchmark against which all other best picture contenders should be measured .	1
while scorsese's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that " gangs " is never lethargic , the movie is hindered by a central plot that's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .	1
an absorbing trip into the minds and motivations of people under stress as well as a keen , unsentimental look at variations on the theme of motherhood .	1
a bodice-ripper for intellectuals .	1
that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .	1
a quiet , disquieting triumph .	1
invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion .	1
there has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently . . . but peter mattei's love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note .	1
manages to transcend the sex , drugs and show-tunes plot into something far richer .	1
if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there .	1
[raimi's] matured quite a bit with spider-man , even though it's one of the most plain white toast comic book films you'll ever see .	1
it uses an old-time formula , it's not terribly original and it's rather messy -- but you just have to love the big , dumb , happy movie my big fat greek wedding .	1
it somehow managed to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart	1
by the time it ends in a rush of sequins , flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes , it has said plenty about how show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better .	1
asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically questions cinema's capability for recording truth .	1
charming and witty , it's also somewhat clumsy .	1
una película oscura , precisa , por momentos grandiosa y casi siempre conmovedora .	1
some body will take you places you haven't been , and also places you have .	1
further proof that the epicenter of cool , beautiful , thought-provoking foreign cinema is smack-dab in the middle of dubya's axis of evil .	1
the grey zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of holocaust movies . . . but the film suffers from its own difficulties .	1
its director's most substantial feature for some time .	1
a tasty slice of droll whimsy .	1
a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life .	1
a glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism .	1
maintains your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts .	1
i know i shouldn't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old .	1
[barry] gives assassin a disquieting authority .	1
[it's] a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .	1
an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line .	1
twenty years after its first release , e . t . remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg's misunderstood career .	1
while not quite a comedy , the film tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer , and is never less than engaging .	1
enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary .	1
bullock does a good job here of working against her natural likability .	1
though not for everyone , the guys is a somber trip worth taking .	1
a tasty masala .	1
sexy and romantic .	1
a dazzling dream of a documentary .	1
on its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny .	1
stuart's poor-me persona needs a whole bunch of snowball's cynicism to cut through the sugar coating . but once the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan , the adventure is on red alert .	1
you watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises .	1
call it magic realism or surrealism , but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity .	1
if you open yourself up to mr . reggio's theory of this imagery as the movie's set . . . it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .	1
that death is merely a transition is a common tenet in the world's religions . this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .	1
windtalkers blows this way and that , but there's no mistaking the filmmaker in the tall grass , true to himself .	1
every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you're on the edge of your seat .	1
depending upon your reaction to this movie , you may never again be able to look at a red felt sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles .	1
it's both a necessary political work and a fascinating documentary . . .	1
impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation . . . just about as chilling and unsettling as 'manhunter' was .	1
a film that's flawed and brilliant in equal measure .	1
ms . fulford-wierzbicki is almost spooky in her sulky , calculating lolita turn .	1
[a] rare movie that makes us re-assess the basis for our lives and evaluate what is truly ours in a world of meaningless activity .	1
austin powers in goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .	1
efficient , suitably anonymous chiller .	1
the search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters' suffering .	1
gorgeous scenes , masterful performances , but the sickly sweet gender normative narrative left an acrid test in this gourmet's mouth .	1
one of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre .	1
for all its plot twists , and some of them verge on the bizarre as the film winds down , blood work is a strong , character-oriented piece .	1
for devotees of french cinema , safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .	1
a good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold . a case in point : doug pray's scratch .	1
at the end , when the now computerized yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .	1
mr . polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .	1
a tender , heartfelt family drama .	1
it's rather like a lifetime special -- pleasant , sweet and forgettable .	1
evelyn's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn .	1
a pleasant enough comedy that should have found a summer place .	1
dogtown & z-boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean .	1
sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy . . . attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called 'my husband is travis bickle' .	1
a slick , skillful little horror film .	1
bouquet gives a performance that is masterly .	1
without resorting to hyperbole , i can state that kissing jessica stein may be the best same-sex romance i have seen .	1
os problemas têm início a partir do momento em que saímos do cinema e começamos a pensar sobre o que acabamos de ver . É então que sinais realmente desaponta .	1
" punch-drunk love " is a little like a chocolate milk moustache . . .	1
there is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .	1
lan yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .	1
hey , happy ! is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it's a love story as sanguine as its title .	1
clever , brutal and strangely soulful movie .	1
although life or something like it is very much in the mold of feel-good movies , the cast and director stephen herek's polished direction pour delightfully piquant wine from aged bottles .	1
the story line may be 127 years old , but el crimen del padre amaro . . . couldn't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment .	1
gently humorous and touching .	1
[chaiken's] talent lies in an evocative , accurate observation of a distinctive milieu and in the lively , convincing dialogue she creates for her characters .	1
if you enjoy more thoughtful comedies with interesting conflicted characters ; this one is for you .	1
provides a porthole into that noble , trembling incoherence that defines us all .	1
shanghai ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life .	1
a few artsy flourishes aside , narc is as gritty as a movie gets these days .	1
a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood .	1
in death to smoochy , we don't get williams' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .	1
funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness .	1
this is carion's debut feature but his script and direction hums with a confidence that many spend entire careers trying to reach .	1
expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women .	1
jae-eun jeong's take care of my cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema .	1
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded .	1
a celebration of quirkiness , eccentricity , and certain individuals' tendency to let it all hang out , and damn the consequences .	1
directed with purpose and finesse by england's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .	1
the powerful success of read my lips with such provocative material shows why , after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers .	1
turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a 'very sneaky' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts	1
i don't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it's a dish that's best served cold .	1
at once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .	1
sure , i hated myself in the morning . but then again , i hate myself most mornings . i still like moonlight mile , better judgment be damned .	1
caruso sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness . . . but for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty .	1
'[the cockettes] provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '	1
davis . . . gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences .	1
fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees .	1
happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and doesn't pummel us with phony imagery or music .	1
francophiles will snicker knowingly and you'll want to slap them .	1
like a tarantino movie with heart , alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .	1
this tenth feature is a big deal , indeed -- at least the third-best , and maybe even a notch above the previous runner-up , nicholas meyer's star trek vi : the undiscovered country .	1
the film serves as a valuable time capsule to remind us of the devastating horror suffered by an entire people .	1
the film sometimes flags . . . but there is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace .	1
an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see .	1
es una de esas películas de las que uno sale reconfortado , agradecido , genuinamente sorprendido .	1
the movie's eventual success should be credited to dennis quaid , in fighting trim shape as an athlete as well as an actor	1
a pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie .	1
this version's no classic like its predecessor , but its pleasures are still plentiful .	1
if you've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart . this is the best star trek movie in a long time .	1
the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me .	1
the success of undercover brother is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally .	1
it's still a comic book , but maguire makes it a comic book with soul .	1
a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than " memento "	1
campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .	1
amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances .	1
throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .	1
its gross-out gags and colorful set pieces . . . are of course stultifyingly contrived and too stylized by half . still , it gets the job done -- a sleepy afternoon rental .	1
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about north korea's recent past and south korea's future adds a much needed moral weight .	1
a delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises , read my lips is an original . this is a story of two misfits who don't stand a chance alone , but together they are magnificent .	1
" home movie " is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .	1
what's most memorable about circuit is that it's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large . . . and small . . . with considerable aplomb .	1
intelligent and moving .	1
payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he's the best brush in the business .	1
it's got some pretentious eye-rolling moments and it didn't entirely grab me , but there's stuff here to like .	1
a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter .	1
a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro .	1
a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man lost in its midst .	1
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults .	1
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and i don't think that a . c . will help this movie one bit .	1
like smoke signals , the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama	1
one of [jaglom's] better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love .	1
day is not a great bond movie , but it is a good bond movie , which still makes it much better than your typical bond knock-offs .	1
brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate .	1
in auteil's less dramatic but equally incisive performance , he's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .	1
cool ? this movie is a snow emergency .	1
whatever one makes of its political edge , this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema's master craftsmen .	1
smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise .	1
the visuals alone make metropolis worth seeing .	1
a strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being .	1
leading a double life in an american film only comes to no good , but not here . matters play out realistically if not always fairly .	1
overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances .	1
foster and whitaker are especially fine . she is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain , incapable of controlling his crew .	1
this version does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre .	1
the film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it's in danger of going wrong .	1
a superlative b movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing .	1
the sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack .	1
unflinchingly bleak and desperate	1
a venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director's understanding of the expressive power of the camera .	1
fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .	1
an exciting and involving rock music doc , a smart and satisfying look inside that tumultuous world .	1
like mike is a harmlessly naïve slice of b-ball fantasy , fit for filling in during the real nba's off-season .	1
a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds .	1
the movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it weren't true . this is the stuff that disney movies are made of .	1
filled with honest performances and exceptional detail , baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .	1
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored . . . audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter .	1
the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( " laissez-passer " ) wears its heart on its sleeve .	1
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but ayres makes the right choices at every turn .	1
aside from minor tinkering , this is the same movie you probably loved in 1994 , except that it looks even better .	1
it's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth .	1
huppert's superbly controlled display of murderous vulnerability ensures that malice has a very human face .	1
with exquisite craftsmanship . . . olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society .	1
the movie understands like few others how the depth and breadth of emotional intimacy give the physical act all of its meaning and most of its pleasure .	1
exciting and direct , with ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes .	1
few films capture so perfectly the hopes and dreams of little boys on baseball fields as well as the grown men who sit in the stands .	1
a tone poem of transgression .	1
ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer's memory .	1
prancing his way through the tailor-made part of a male hooker approaching the end of his vitality , jagger obviously relishes every self-mocking moment .	1
a soul-stirring documentary about the israeli/palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds .	1
exciting and well-paced .	1
the way coppola professes his love for movies -- both colorful pop junk and the classics that unequivocally qualify as art -- is giddily entertaining .	1
robin williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favour of an altogether darker side .	1
chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident .	1
the film is a blunt indictment , part of a perhaps surreal campaign to bring kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity .	1
. . . quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks .	1
an unabashedly schmaltzy and thoroughly enjoyable true story .	1
while locals will get a kick out of spotting cleveland sites , the rest of the world will enjoy a fast-paced comedy with quirks that might make the award-winning coen brothers envious .	1
whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv , they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .	1
a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy .	1
the members manage to pronounce kok exactly as you think they might , thus giving the cast ample opportunity to use that term as often as possible . it's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle .	1
what's surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm .	1
gangster no . 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults .	1
as a belated nod to some neglected all-stars , standing in the shadows of motown is cultural history of the best kind : informative , revealing and richly entertaining .	1
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie weren't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is .	1
it's one of the saddest films i have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental .	1
it's a terrific american sports movie and dennis quaid is its athletic heart .	1
it's good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .	1
overall , it's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love .	1
with an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill .	1
it has a subtle way of getting under your skin and sticking with you long after it's over .	1
as a witness to several greek-american weddings -- but , happily , a victim of none -- i can testify to the comparative accuracy of ms . vardalos' memories and insights .	1
this filmed tosca -- not the first , by the way -- is a pretty good job , if it's filmed tosca that you want . i'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper .	1
jarecki and gibney do find enough material to bring kissinger's record into question and explain how the diplomat's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives .	1
that the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor .	1
this boisterous comedy serves up a cruel reminder of the fate of hundreds of thousands of chinese , one which can only qualify as a terrible tragedy .	1
you'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness , but the point is , you'll laugh .	1
hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves , it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .	1
enjoy it for what it is ; you can hate yourself later .	1
an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music .	1
[a] strong piece of work .	1
poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures .	1
offers laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through .	1
world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it's certainly an honest attempt to get at something .	1
the imax screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation .	1
flavorful and romantic , you could call this how martha got her groove back -- assuming , that is , she ever had one to begin with .	1
good-naturedly cornball sequel .	1
it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors .	1
this is dicaprio's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year .	1
for all the dolorous trim , secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers' sporadic dips into pop freudianism .	1
it's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience .	1
the film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .	1
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .	1
somewhere short of tremors on the modern b-scene : neither as funny nor as clever , though an agreeably unpretentious way to spend ninety minutes .	1
it's one of the most honest films ever made about hollywood .	1
like dickens with his passages , mcgrath crafts quite moving scenes throughout his resolutely dramatic variation on the novel .	1
an overly melodramatic but somewhat insightful french coming-of-age film . . .	1
[the film] tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful .	1
weird . rewarding .	1
if villainous vampires are your cup of blood , blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest .	1
a comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .	1
the film , despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun .	1
so purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it's a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride .	1
the film's performances are thrilling .	1
though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .	1
. . . with " the bourne identity " we return to the more traditional action genre .	1
the artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache .	1
the main story . . . is compelling enough , but it's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish .	1
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting 'chops' and they take full advantage .	1
forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year - she should get all five .	1
a quietly moving look back at what it was to be iranian-american in 1979 .	1
almost every scene in this film is a gem that could stand alone , a perfectly realized observation of mood , behavior and intent .	1
the disarming cornball atmosphere has a way of infecting the entire crowd as the film rolls on .	1
moretti . . . is the rare common-man artist who's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness .	1
10 minutes into the film you'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away .	1
young hanks and fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents , bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work .	1
it's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but olympia , wash . , based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it's what makes their project so interesting .	1
has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke .	1
the message is that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another .	1
the audacity to view one of shakespeare's better known tragedies as a dark comedy is , by itself , deserving of discussion .	1
the best animated feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago .	1
an unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture .	1
from a deceptively simple premise , this deeply moving french drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .	1
contrasting the original ringu with the current americanized adaptation is akin to comparing the evil dead with evil dead ii	1
this is an extraordinary film , not least because it is japanese and yet feels universal .	1
[d]espite its familiar subject matter , ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing . . .	1
it treats ana's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film .	1
disney has always been hit-or-miss when bringing beloved kids' books to the screen . . . tuck everlasting is a little of both .	1
a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies .	1
you may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes won't still be tapping .	1
the film's only missteps come from the script's insistence on providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of abagnale's antics .	1
a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable .	1
the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way .	1
much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of don king , sonny miller , and michael stewart . their work is fantastic .	1
the experience of watching blobby old-school cgi animation in this superlarge format is just surreal enough to be diverting .	1
neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made , showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while . before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway .	1
an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence .	1
creepy , authentic and dark . this disturbing bio-pic is hard to forget .	1
the performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times .	1
a surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy .	1
there is a fabric of complex ideas here , and feelings that profoundly deepen them .	1
gosling provides an amazing performance that dwarfs everything else in the film .	1
we do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close .	1
steven spielberg brings us another masterpiece	1
feels untidily honest .	1
a brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel .	1
count on his movie to work at the back of your neck long after you leave the theater .	1
it has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .	1
an amusing , breezily apolitical documentary about life on the campaign trail .	1
an enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race .	1
director todd solondz has made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies , and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates .	1
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission . . . if " gory mayhem " is your idea of a good time .	1
a pure participatory event that malnourished intellectuals will gulp down in a frenzy .	1
ryosuke has created a wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation on the meaning and value of family .	1
the film's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled . but … in trying to capture the novel's deeper intimate resonances , the film has – ironically - distanced us from the characters .	1
romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here .	1
a fascinating and fun film .	1
leave it to john sayles to take on developers , the chamber of commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie . . . without neglecting character development for even one minute .	1
beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .	1
missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane .	1
presents a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation .	1
if you're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you're at the right film .	1
despite its many infuriating flaws -- not the least of which is amy's self-absorbed personality -- amy's o's honesty will win you over .	1
elegant , mannered and teasing .	1
a recent favourite at sundance , this white-trash satire will inspire the affection of even those unlucky people who never owned a cassette of def leppard's pyromania .	1
as bundy , michael reilly burke ( octopus 2 : river of fear ) has just the right amount of charisma and menace .	1
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience .	1
the film is one of the year's best .	1
the script is smart , not cloying .	1
a funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage " be careful what you wish for " is given a full workout .	1
an earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .	1
it's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .	1
the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy .	1
in an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure , narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve .	1
sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group .	1
engagingly captures the maddening and magnetic ebb and flow of friendship .	1
some remarkable achival film about how shanghai ( of all places ) served jews who escaped the holocaust .	1
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling .	1
richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings .	1
heartwarming here relies less on forced air than on petter næss' delicate , clever direction . . . and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius .	1
it's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .	1
there was time on that second round to see the subtleties of ramsay's portrait of grief .	1
where this was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable .	1
it may not be " last tango in paris " but . . .	1
it is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .	1
but tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde's droll whimsy helps " being earnest " overcome its weaknesses and parker's creative interference . . .	1
raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings .	1
despite its title , punch-drunk love is never heavy-handed . the jabs it employs are short , carefully placed and dead-center .	1
a quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness .	1
a solid piece of journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy .	1
it deserves to be seen by anyone with even a passing interest in the events shaping the world beyond their own horizons .	1
the real charm of this trifle is the deadpan comic face of its star , jean reno , who resembles sly stallone in a hot sake half-sleep .	1
a pleasurably jacked-up piece of action moviemaking .	1
everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting .	1
the film overcomes the regular minefield of coming-of-age cliches with potent doses of honesty and sensitivity .	1
a poignant , artfully crafted meditation on mortality .	1
it's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs . cinematic pratfalls given a working over . the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back .	1
a moving and weighty depiction of one family's attempts to heal after the death of a child .	1
the result is mesmerizing -- filled with menace and squalor .	1
some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and heaven is one such beast .	1
an impressive if flawed effort that indicates real talent .	1
what makes the movie special is its utter sincerity .	1
until ( the ) superfluous . . . epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve , die another day is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any james bond thriller .	1
most consumers of lo mein and general tso's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it , so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .	1
it's predictable , but it jumps through the expected hoops with style and even some depth .	1
engrossing and affecting , if ultimately not quite satisfying .	1
both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .	1
generally , clockstoppers will fulfill your wildest fantasies about being a different kind of time traveler , while happily killing 94 minutes .	1
an indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh .	1
a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad .	1
a film that takes you inside the rhythms of its subject : you experience it as you watch .	1
the entire movie has a truncated feeling , but what's available is lovely and lovable .	1
. . . by the time it's done with us , mira nair's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .	1
. . . a true delight .	1
waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it .	1
the simplicity of the way home has few equals this side of aesop	1
manages to be original , even though it rips off many of its ideas .	1
the casting of raymond j . barry as the 'assassin' greatly enhances the quality of neil burger's impressive fake documentary .	1
wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too .	1
graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies .	1
manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time .	1
a superbly acted and funny/gritty fable of the humanizing of one woman at the hands of the unseen forces of fate .	1
it offers a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them .	1
it's not a great monster movie . but if you've paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn , there's guilty fun to be had here . chomp chomp !	1
daring , mesmerizing and exceedingly hard to forget .	1
the story wraps back around on itself in the kind of elegant symmetry that's rare in film today , but be warned : it's a slow slog to get there .	1
moretti's compelling anatomy of grief and the difficult process of adapting to loss .	1
noyce has worked wonders with the material .	1
it's a rare window on an artistic collaboration .	1
we need [moore's] noisy , cocky energy , his passion and class consciousness ; we need his shticks , we need his stones .	1
as improbable as this premise may seem , abbass's understated , shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .	1
this is not an easy film . but it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one .	1
hilarious , acidic brit comedy .	1
a fairly enjoyable mixture of longest yard . . . and the 1999 guy ritchie caper lock stock and two smoking barrels .	1
scooby doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .	1
it lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho .	1
divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood may not be exactly divine , but it's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances .	1
washington overcomes the script's flaws and envelops the audience in his character's anguish , anger and frustration .	1
unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile .	1
i admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent's complaint .	1
a deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph .	1
this cuddly sequel to the 1999 hit is a little more visually polished , a little funnier , and a little more madcap .	1
the pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of steven spielberg's schindler's list . but mr . polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr . spielberg's 1993 classic .	1
the trials of henry kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking … because you get it .	1
if this movie leaves you cool , it also leaves you intriguingly contemplative .	1
qutting may be a flawed film , but it is nothing if not sincere .	1
a melancholy , emotional film .	1
as tricky and satisfying as any of david mamet's airless cinematic shell games .	1
it's often infuriatingly glib and posturing , and yet it has been made with great evident care and manages to deliver up the man in a way to arouse further curiosity in even the most unknowing viewer .	1
gambling and throwing a basketball game for money isn't a new plot -- in fact toback himself used it in black and white . but toback's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .	1
when the movie mixes the cornpone and the cosa nostra , it finds a nice rhythm .	1
entertaining despite its one-joke premise with the thesis that women from venus and men from mars can indeed get together .	1
an interesting story with a pertinent ( cinematically unique ) message , told fairly well and scored to perfection , i found myself struggling to put my finger on that elusive " missing thing . "	1
a candid and often fascinating documentary about a pentecostal church in dallas that assembles an elaborate haunted house each year to scare teenagers into attending services .	1
puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman .	1
the movie isn't just hilarious : it's witty and inventive , too , and in hindsight , it isn't even all that dumb .	1
an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans .	1
sparkles in its deft portrait of tinseltown's seasoned veterans of gossip , wealth , paranoia , and celebrityhood .	1
it's a stunning lyrical work of considerable force and truth .	1
'no es la mejor cinta de la serie , ni la mejor con brosnan a la cabeza , pero de que entretiene ni duda cabe . '	1
the soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission .	1
a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché of japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage .	1
your children will be occupied for 72 minutes .	1
an example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship .	1
audiences conditioned to getting weepy over saucer-eyed , downy-cheeked moppets and their empathetic caretakers will probably feel emotionally cheated by the film's tart , sugar-free wit .	1
it's the perfect star vehicle for grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona .	1
there are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it's going to be a trip . igby goes down is one of those movies .	1
sum " is jack ryan's " do-over . " give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works . especially give credit to affleck .	1
300 years of russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness .	1
it's a ripper of a yarn and i for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill . naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation .	1
steve irwin's method is ernest hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume .	1
so many documentaries like this presuppose religious bigotry or zealous nuttiness of its antagonists , but family fundamentals displays a rare gift for unflinching impartiality .	1
'like a child with an important message to tell . . . [skins'] faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty . '	1
smarter than its commercials make it seem .	1
a shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown .	1
while obviously aimed at kids , the country bears . . . should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio .	1
having had the good sense to cast actors who are , generally speaking , adored by the movie-going public , khouri then gets terrific performances from them all .	1
you don't have to be an especially tough grader to give a charitable b-minus to the emperor's club .	1
transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games .	1
visually captivating .	1
parris' performance is credible and remarkably mature .	1
you have enough finely tuned acting to compensate for the movie's failings .	1
just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .	1
the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough .	1
one from the heart .	1
though jackson doesn't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape , it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .	1
jagger , stoppard and director michael apted . . . deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .	1
the film is about the relationships rather than about the outcome . and it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen .	1
not too far below the gloss you can still feel director denis villeneuve's beating heart and the fondness he has for his characters .	1
what really makes it special is that it pulls us into its world , gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share , surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling we've shared a great adventure .	1
you wouldn't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit .	1
at once a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge .	1
a deliciously mordant , bitter black comedy .	1
it asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up .	1
. . . it's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .	1
the characters are more deeply thought through than in most 'right-thinking' films .	1
the long-range appeal of " minority report " should transcend any awards it bags . this is one for the ages .	1
even if you're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor .	1
an elegant work , food of love is as consistently engaging as it is revealing .	1
too often , son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained " big moment " will occur and not " if . "	1
the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent .	1
like the film's almost anthropologically detailed realization of early-'80s suburbia , it's significant without being overstated .	1
it is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .	1
tres greek writer and star nia vardalos has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script .	1
has it ever been possible to say that williams has truly inhabited a character ? it is now .	1
a highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it .	1
a tremendous piece of work .	1
sade is an engaging look at the controversial eponymous and fiercely atheistic hero .	1
like mike isn't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - with nothing but net .	1
wiseman reveals the victims of domestic abuse in all of their pity and terror .	1
the appearance of treebeard and gollum's expanded role will either have you loving what you're seeing , or rolling your eyes . i loved it ! gollum's 'performance' is incredible !	1
[ferrera] has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .	1
a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity .	1
an enchanting film that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside st . petersburg's hermitage museum .	1
nós gosta muito de as duas torres .	1
shamelessly resorting to pee-related sight gags that might even cause tom green a grimace ; still , myer's energy and the silliness of it all eventually prevail	1
full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing .	1
graphic sex may be what's attracting audiences to unfaithful , but gripping performances by lane and gere are what will keep them awake .	1
the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it's really well directed .	1
what sets ms . birot's film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .	1
ryan gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted daniel .	1
sandra nettelbeck beautifully orchestrates the transformation of the chilly , neurotic , and self-absorbed martha as her heart begins to open .	1
a powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man's dying fall .	1
run , don't walk , to see this barbed and bracing comedy on the big screen .	1
gooding is the energetic frontman , and it's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences .	1
the rare movie that's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it's based .	1
it's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just can't take it any more .	1
kept aloft largely by a comically adept ensemble .	1
romanek's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals . beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , one hour photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .	1
. . . plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family .	1
at 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .	1
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man pasach'ke burstein and his family , transcends ethnic lines .	1
a compelling , moving film that respects its audience and its source material .	1
good car chases , great fight scenes , and a distinctive blend of european , american and asian influences .	1
people cinema at its finest .	1
a sensitive and expertly acted crowd-pleaser that isn't above a little broad comedy and a few unabashedly sentimental tears .	1
like mike is a winner for kids , and no doubt a winner for lil bow wow , who can now add movies to the list of things he does well .	1
even if you don't think [kissinger's] any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen , he'd sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch .	1
this is as powerful a set of evidence as you'll ever find of why art matters , and how it can resonate far beyond museum walls and through to the most painfully marginal lives .	1
84 minutes of rolling musical back beat and supercharged cartoon warfare . it's also , clearly , great fun .	1
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain .	1
the film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer .	1
a stirring road movie .	1
for anyone unfamiliar with pentacostal practices in general and theatrical phenomenon of hell houses in particular , it's an eye-opener .	1
despite the film's shortcomings , the stories are quietly moving .	1
bourne , jason bourne . he can scale a building like a super hero , he can out-stealth any agent , he'll get the girl . he's super spy !	1
remarkably accessible and affecting .	1
smith is careful not to make fun of these curious owners of architectural oddities . instead , he shows them the respect they are due .	1
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture .	1
it's burns' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown .	1
a sly game of cat and mouse that's intense and thrilling at times , but occasionally stretches believability to its limits and relies on predictable plot contrivances .	1
the asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family .	1
a moving and important film .	1
it's sobering , particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon .	1
a quirky comedy set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that's so prevalent on the rock .	1
while not as aggressively impressive as its american counterpart , " in the bedroom , " moretti's film makes its own , quieter observations	1
É uma pena que , mais tarde , o próprio filme abandone o tom de paródia e passe a utilizar os mesmos clichês que havia satirizado .	1
the powder blues and sun-splashed whites of tunis make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs .	1
a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day .	1
brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade .	1
a rich tale of our times , very well told with an appropriate minimum of means .	1
high on melodrama . but it's emotionally engrossing , too , thanks to strong , credible performances from the whole cast .	1
the year's greatest adventure , and jackson's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .	1
the film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved . . . this makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture .	1
feeling like a dope has rarely been more fun than it is in nine queens .	1
in many ways , reminiscent of 1992's unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .	1
those who love cinema paradiso will find the new scenes interesting , but few will find the movie improved .	1
nicks sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit .	1
a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales .	1
despite a quieter middle section , involving aragorn's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship . there are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .	1
barry convinces us he's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .	1
this new time machine is hardly perfect… yet it proves surprisingly serviceable . even at its worst , it's not half-bad .	1
an enthralling aesthetic experience , one that's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty .	1
the banter between calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group . . . and never fails to entertain .	1
you have to pay attention to follow all the stories , but they're each interesting . the movie is well shot and very tragic , and one to ponder after the credits roll .	1
what " empire " lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart .	1
a film about female friendship that men can embrace and women will talk about for hours .	1
beautifully directed and convincingly acted .	1
ranging from funny to shattering and featuring some of the year's best acting , personal velocity gathers plenty of dramatic momentum .	1
the strength of the film lies in its two central performances by sven wollter as the stricken composer and viveka seldahl as his desperate violinist wife .	1
apuestas fuertes para el futuro del director , y apuestas bien fundadas , pues la suerte ya la tiene , y la cinta lo comprueba . . . .	1
imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women . it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .	1
a film in a class with spike lee's masterful do the right thing .	1
what's most refreshing about real women have curves is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors .	1
enticing and often funny documentary .	1
it may not be as cutting , as witty or as true as back in the glory days of weekend and two or three things i know about her , but who else engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process ?	1
scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario .	1
a beautiful paean to a time long past .	1
this engrossing , characteristically complex tom clancy thriller is shifty in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time .	1
payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human .	1
though the film is static , its writer-director's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .	1
it grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .	1
i like this movie a lot . i like that smith , he's not making fun of these people , he's not laughing at them .	1
altogether , this is successful as a film , while at the same time being a most touching reconsideration of the familiar masterpiece .	1
this film is not a love letter for the slain rappers , it's a taunt -a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered .	1
spiderman rocks	1
an idealistic love story that brings out the latent 15-year-old romantic in everyone .	1
it manages to squeeze by on angelina jolie's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy .	1
full of profound , real-life moments that anyone can relate to , it deserves a wide audience .	1
enormously entertaining for moviegoers of any age .	1
wow , so who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted ?	1
nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin .	1
jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama .	1
an unbelievably fun film just a leading man away from perfection .	1
art-house to the core , read my lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema .	1
an eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake .	1
the old-world- meets-new mesh is incarnated in the movie's soundtrack , a joyful effusion of disco bollywood that , by the end of monsoon wedding , sent my spirit soaring out of the theater .	1
a romantic comedy , yes , but one with characters who think and talk about their goals , and are working on hard decisions .	1
writer/director joe carnahan's grimy crime drama is a manual of precinct cliches , but it moves fast enough to cover its clunky dialogue and lapses in logic .	1
miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet .	1
happy times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it .	1
there's a spontaneity to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout .	1
a simple , but gritty and well-acted ensemble drama that encompasses a potent metaphor for a country still dealing with its fascist past .	1
e . t . works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet .	1
. . . a polished and relatively sincere piece of escapism .	1
director benoit jacquot , making his first opera-to-film translation with tosca , conveys the heaving passion of puccini's famous love-jealousy- murder-suicide fandango with great cinematic innovation .	1
would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed 'the french lieutenant's woman . '	1
the weakest of the four harry potter books has been transformed into the stronger of the two films by the thinnest of margins .	1
ou've got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane .	1
finally , the french-produced " read my lips " is a movie that understands characters must come first .	1
. . . there's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .	1
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces .	1
the saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and the quiet american brings us right into the center of that world .	1
see it . debate it . remember it .	1
whether seen on a 10-inch television screen or at your local multiplex , the edge-of-your-seat , educational antics of steve irwin are priceless entertainment .	1
maryam is more timely now than ever .	1
an inspiring and heart-affecting film about the desperate attempts of vietnamese refugees living in u . s . relocation camps to keep their hopes alive in 1975 .	1
a fast , funny , highly enjoyable movie .	1
an exquisitely crafted and acted tale .	1
feature debuter d . j . caruso directs a crack ensemble cast , bringing screenwriter tony gayton's narcotics noir to life .	1
although what time offers tsai's usual style and themes , it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .	1
this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces .	1
mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls , group articulates a flood of emotion .	1
a great comedy filmmaker knows great comedy needn't always make us laugh . tim story's not there yet - but 'barbershop' shows he's on his way .	1
secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie .	1
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we've somehow never seen before .	1
what the film lacks in general focus it makes up for in compassion , as corcuera manages to find the seeds of hope in the form of collective action .	1
could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals .	1
you won't look at religious fanatics -- or backyard sheds -- the same way again .	1
a map of the inner rhythms of love and jealousy and sacrifice drawn with a master's steady stroke .	1
an ironic speculation on democracy in a culture unaccustomed to it .	1
the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies .	1
an admirable , sometimes exceptional film	1
the film is insightful about kissinger's background and history .	1
a reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994's surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility .	1
escaping the studio , piccoli is warmly affecting and so is this adroitly minimalist movie .	1
although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .	1
sturdy , entertaining period drama . . . both caine and fraser have their moments .	1
writer-director juan carlos fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured .	1
the film's sharp , often mischievous sense of humor will catch some off guard . . .	1
a perfectly competent and often imaginative film that lacks what little lilo & stitch had in spades -- charisma .	1
it was filled with shootings , beatings , and more cussing than you could shake a stick at .	1
here's yet another studio horror franchise mucking up its storyline with glitches casual fans could correct in their sleep . but taken as a stylish and energetic one-shot , the queen of the damned cannot be said to suck .	1
thanks to a small star with big heart , this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all .	1
deepa mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world .	1
watching spirited away is like watching an eastern imagination explode .	1
the action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series .	1
mostly , [goldbacher] just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human .	1
often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part .	1
one of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made .	1
if the plot seems a bit on the skinny side , that's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in…and making you sweat .	1
director roger kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity . and there's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together .	1
thumbs up to paxton for not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer .	1
henry bean's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect	1
it's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america .	1
exhilarating , funny and fun .	1
an enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences… the château is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten .	1
sweet home alabama " is what it is – a nice , harmless date film . . .	1
begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .	1
the new guy does have a heart . now , if it only had a brain .	1
this isn't a narrative film -- i don't know if it's possible to make a narrative film about september 11th , though i'm sure some will try -- but it's as close as anyone has dared to come .	1
it's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .	1
it suggests the wide-ranging effects of media manipulation , from the kind of reporting that is done by the supposedly liberal media . . . to the intimate and ultimately tragic heartache of maverick individuals like hatfield and hicks .	1
farrell . . . thankfully manages to outshine the role and successfully plays the foil to willis's world-weary colonel .	1
perhaps the grossest movie ever made . funny , though .	1
delirious fun .	1
the wild thornberrys movie is a jolly surprise .	1
this flick is about as cool and crowd-pleasing as a documentary can get .	1
we get an image of big papa spanning history , rather than suspending it .	1
exhilarating but blatantly biased .	1
the film jolts the laughs from the audience--as if by cattle prod .	1
it rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide .	1
inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening .	1
while this has the making of melodrama , the filmmaker cuts against this natural grain , producing a work that's more interested in asking questions than in answering them .	1
jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he's easy to like and always leaves us laughing .	1
a coming-of-age tale from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board .	1
. . . the story , like ravel's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .	1
enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers .	1
strange and beautiful film .	1
a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted korean american stand-up's i'm the one that i want .	1
an incendiary , deeply thought-provoking look at one of the most peculiar ( and peculiarly venomous ) bigotries in our increasingly frightening theocracy	1
it finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice .	1
like the full monty , this is sure to raise audience's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .	1
where bowling for columbine is at its most valuable is in its examination of america's culture of fear as a root cause of gun violence .	1
suspend your disbelief here and now , or you'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits .	1
the film's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality .	1
the year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them .	1
my little eye is the best little " horror " movie i've seen in years .	1
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home .	1
it thankfully goes easy on the reel/real world dichotomy that [jaglom] pursued with such enervating determination in venice/venice .	1
filled with alexandre desplat's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience .	1
as a director , mr . ratliff wisely rejects the temptation to make fun of his subjects .	1
about as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come .	1
the cat's meow marks a return to form for director peter bogdanovich . . .	1
like vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you can't fake .	1
despite besson's high-profile name being wasabi's big selling point , there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film's thoroughly winning tone .	1
if there's nothing fresh about wannabes , which was written by mr . demeo , who produced and directed the film with charles a . addessi , much of the time the movie feels authentic .	1
a cutesy romantic tale with a twist .	1
it proves quite compelling as an intense , brooding character study .	1
a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics .	1
another entertaining romp from robert rodriguez .	1
the difference between cho and most comics is that her confidence in her material is merited .	1
easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-semitism ever seen on screen .	1
" . . . something appears to have been lost in the translation this time . the importance of being earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . "	1
noyce's film is contemplative and mournfully reflective .	1
a deceivingly simple film , one that grows in power in retrospect .	1
a rip-roaring comedy action fest that'll put hairs on your chest .	1
goyer's screenplay and direction are thankfully understated , and he has drawn excellent performances from his cast .	1
fun , flip and terribly hip bit of cinematic entertainment .	1
'it's better to go in knowing full well what's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists . cynics need not apply . '	1
that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults .	1
what makes this film special is serry's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .	1
" cremaster 3 " should come with the warning " for serious film buffs only ! "	1
spielberg's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .	1
a keep-'em-guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters .	1
there's absolutely no reason why blue crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is	1
i liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .	1
we get some truly unique character studies and a cross-section of americana that hollywood couldn't possibly fictionalize and be believed .	1
the charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids .	1
a taut psychological thriller that doesn't waste a moment of its two-hour running time .	1
the film is all a little lit crit 101 , but it's extremely well played and often very funny .	1
it's a coming-of-age story we've all seen bits of in other films -- but it's rarely been told with such affecting grace and cultural specificity .	1
intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery .	1
the movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency , but it displays something more important : respect for its flawed , crazy people .	1
a cockamamie tone poem pitched precipitously between swoony lyricism and violent catastrophe . . . the most aggressively nerve-wracking and screamingly neurotic romantic comedy in cinema history .	1
fontaine's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal .	1
judith and zaza's extended bedroom sequence . . . is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .	1
alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous . it's a masterpeice .	1
so vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt .	1
worth catching for griffiths' warm and winning central performance .	1
if there's a way to effectively teach kids about the dangers of drugs , i think it's in projects like the ( unfortunately r-rated ) paid .	1
does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character's story .	1
it has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame .	1
eight legged freaks is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer .	1
two hours of melodramatic musical married to two hours of underdog sports intrigue , if the picture also shares the weaknesses of both genres , more's the pity .	1
the very definition of the 'small' movie , but it is a good stepping stone for director sprecher .	1
what a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is .	1
this version incarnates the prophetic book in a way even its exacting author might admire .	1
a mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make 'cherish' a very good ( but not great ) movie .	1
passable entertainment , but it's the kind of motion picture that won't make much of a splash when it's released , and will not be remembered long afterwards .	1
winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars .	1
beating the austin powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .	1
a heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope .	1
streamlined to a tight , brisk 85-minute screwball thriller , " big trouble " is funny , harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn with extra butter .	1
not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet .	1
less the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling ( though no less horrifying for it ) .	1
a smart , sweet and playful romantic comedy .	1
blanchett's performance confirms her power once again .	1
the movie isn't always easy to look at . but if it is indeed a duty of art to reflect life , than leigh has created a masterful piece of artistry right here .	1
there are times when a rumor of angels plays like an extended episode of touched by an angel -- a little too much dancing , a few too many weeping scenes -- but i liked its heart and its spirit .	1
. . . creates a visceral sense of its characters' lives and conflicted emotions that carries it far above . . . what could have been a melodramatic , lifetime channel-style anthology .	1
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 .	1
a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .	1
niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in hollywood , only god speaks to the press	1
a compelling allegory about the last days of germany's democratic weimar republic .	1
the beauty of the piece is that it counts heart as important as humor .	1
. . . a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll .	1
it may seem long at 110 minutes if you're not a fan , because it includes segments of 12 songs at a reunion concert .	1
although laced with humor and a few fanciful touches , the film is a refreshingly serious look at young women .	1
a vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior .	1
a certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents .	1
the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye .	1
displaying about equal amounts of naiveté , passion and talent , beneath clouds establishes sen as a filmmaker of considerable potential .	1
unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge .	1
delia , greta , and paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year . as each of them searches for their place in the world , miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .	1
although olivier assayas' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation . . . its three-hour running time plays closer to two .	1
" catch me " feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark .	1
thirteen conversations about one thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began .	1
an old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts .	1
the script's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis , but the lazy plotting ensures that little of our emotional investment pays off .	1
an original gem about an obsession with time .	1
the reason to see " sade " lay with the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis ( auteil ) and emilie ( le besco ) .	1
y tu mamá también is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt .	1
a memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill .	1
what really surprises about wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness .	1
. . . if you're in a mind set for goofy comedy , the troopers will entertain with their gross outs , bawdy comedy and head games .	1
a small gem from belgium .	1
adaptation's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary .	1
not a strike against yang's similarly themed yi yi , but i found what time ? to be more engaging on an emotional level , funnier , and on the whole less detached .	1
while the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so fascinating that you won't care .	1
the film is often filled with a sense of pure wonderment and excitement not often seen in today's cinema du sarcasm	1
scherfig's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky .	1
you'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama .	1
. . . " bowling for columbine " remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film . . .	1
muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they don't have , and how this gets us in trouble . but even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic .	1
by the end of no such thing the audience , like beatrice , has a watchful affection for the monster .	1
awesome creatures , breathtaking scenery , and epic battle scenes add up to another 'spectacular spectacle . '	1
sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people .	1
for most of the distance the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche .	1
it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory .	1
it's a masterpiece .	1
nettelbeck has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book .	1
like mike doesn't win any points for originality . it does succeed by following a feel-good formula with a winning style , and by offering its target audience of urban kids some welcome role models and optimism .	1
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are . . . an amusing little catch .	1
not a bad journey at all .	1
one of the greatest family-oriented , fantasy-adventure movies ever .	1
smart , provocative and blisteringly funny .	1
amazing ! a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing !	1
a deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams .	1
it's the kind of movie that , aside from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brothers and a few others , our moviemakers don't make often enough .	1
it is inspirational in characterizing how people from such diverse cultures share the same human and spiritual needs .	1
one of the best films i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .	1
jagger the actor is someone you want to see again .	1
. . . there is enough originality in 'life' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .	1
read my lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .	1
in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players .	1
majidi gets uniformly engaging performances from his largely amateur cast .	1
it won't bust your gut -- and it's not intended to -- it's merely a blandly cinematic surgical examination of what makes a joke a joke .	1
daughter from danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds . it doesn't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain .	1
[a] devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama .	1
passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly . . .	1
a brilliant gag at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it .	1
handsome and sophisticated approach to the workplace romantic comedy .	1
beautifully produced .	1
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , is intriguing , provocative stuff .	1
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters .	1
[westbrook] makes a wonderful subject for the camera .	1
the most consistently funny of the austin powers films .	1
so unique and stubborn and charismatic that you want it to be better and more successful than it is .	1
. . . one of the more influential works of the 'korean new wave' .	1
it's quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer .	1
austin powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later .	1
elling really is about a couple of crazy guys , and it's therapeutic to laugh along with them .	1
as relationships shift , director robert j . siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .	1
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst .	1
will amuse and provoke adventurous adults in specialty venues .	1
ourside the theatre roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he's well worth spending some time with .	1
as the princess , sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat . ben kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad .	1
the film doesn't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half	1
really quite funny .	1
a compelling film .	1
the story , once it gets rolling , is nothing short of a great one .	1
a pro-fat farce that overcomes much of its excessive moral baggage thanks to two appealing lead performances .	1
a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .	1
suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative . still , as a visual treat , the film is almost unsurpassed .	1
the premise of jason x is silly but strangely believable .	1
there's an energy to y tu mamá también . much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .	1
rich in detail , gorgeously shot and beautifully acted , les destinees is , in its quiet , epic way , daring , inventive and refreshingly unusual .	1
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it .	1
just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer .	1
this is not a retread of " dead poets' society . "	1
[a] real pleasure in its laid-back way .	1
as it turns out , you can go home again .	1
deliciously slow .	1
theirs is a simple and heart-warming story , full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical .	1
a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet .	1
as giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago .	1
it trusts the story it sets out to tell .	1
the best film of the year 2002 .	1
for decades we've marveled at disney's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world . prepare to marvel again .	1
a genuine mind-bender .	1
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .	1
as the two leads , lathan and diggs are charming and have chemistry both as friends and lovers .	1
shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes .	1
hilarious , touching and wonderfully dyspeptic .	1
. . . begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully .	1
real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros .	1
a dream cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble . there isn't a weak or careless performance amongst them .	1
a seriocomic debut of extravagant promise by georgian-israeli director dover kosashvili .	1
as the movie traces mr . brown's athletic exploits , it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .	1
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story .	1
reinforces the talents of screenwriter charlie kaufman , creator of adaptation and being john malkovich .	1
as animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool , this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .	1
about schmidt belongs to nicholson . gone are the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances . as schmidt , nicholson walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance .	1
it has the ability to offend and put off everyone , but it holds you with its outrageousness .	1
it's been made with an innocent yet fervid conviction that our hollywood has all but lost .	1
katz's documentary doesn't have much panache , but with material this rich it doesn't need it .	1
after an uncertain start , murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock's memorable first interrogation of gosling .	1
it gets onto the screen just about as much of the novella as one could reasonably expect , and is engrossing and moving in its own right .	1
smith's point is simple and obvious -- people's homes are extensions of themselves , and particularly eccentric people have particularly eccentric living spaces -- but his subjects are charmers .	1
leigh's film is full of memorable performances from top to bottom .	1
while it's nothing we haven't seen before from murphy , i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it's more than a worthwhile effort .	1
while guzmán frustratingly refuses to give pinochet's crimes a political context , his distance from the material is mostly admirable .	1
an average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains .	1
boomers and their kids will have a barrie good time .	1
affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things .	1
allows us to hope that nolan is poised to embark a major career as a commercial yet inventive filmmaker .	1
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack . . . and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable .	1
this is a very funny , heartwarming film . it has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect .	1
a breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy .	1
it's not the least of afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history .	1
a straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they've rarely been given .	1
chris columbus' sequel is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original .	1
quitting delivers a sucker-punch , and its impact is all the greater beause director zhang's last film , the cuddly shower , was a non-threatening multi-character piece centered around a public bath house .	1
a metaphor for a modern-day urban china searching for its identity .	1
there's a lot of tooth in roger dodger . but what's nice is that there's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .	1
" the turntable is now outselling the electric guitar . . . "	1
candid and comfortable ; a film that deftly balances action and reflection as it lets you grasp and feel the passion others have for their work .	1
woody allen's latest is an ambling , broad comedy about all there is to love -- and hate -- about the movie biz .	1
for the most part stevens glides through on some solid performances and witty dialogue .	1
while it regards 1967 as the key turning point of the 20th century , and returns again and again to images of dissidents in the streets , it's alarmingly current .	1
girls gone wild and gone civil again	1
japan's premier stylist of sex and blood hits audiences with what may be his most demented film to date .	1
here , adrian lyne comes as close to profundity as he is likely to get .	1
y tu mamá también es un buen filme gracias a lo poco convencional de su narrativa , y es quizá el proyecto más arriesgado en la carrera de alfonso cuarón	1
a beguiling , slow-moving parable about the collision of past and present on a remote seacoast in iran .	1
in his debut as a director , washington has a sure hand . his work with actors is particularly impressive .	1
this delicately observed story , deeply felt and masterfully stylized , is a triumph for its maverick director .	1
an entertaining , colorful , action-filled crime story with an intimate heart .	1
offers a breath of the fresh air of true sophistication .	1
does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background .	1
will you go ape over this movie ? well , it probably won't have you swinging from the trees hooting it's praises , but it's definitely worth taking a look .	1
literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds .	1
like a less dizzily gorgeous companion to mr . wong's in the mood for love -- very much a hong kong movie despite its mainland setting .	1
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek ( as well as a serious debt to the road warrior ) , but it feels like unrealized potential	1
although occasionally static to the point of resembling a stage play , the film delivers a solid mixture of sweetness and laughs .	1
showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation .	1
if you're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you're in luck .	1
as unseemly as its title suggests .	1
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they've told a nice little story in the process .	1
at times funny and at other times candidly revealing , it's an intriguing look at two performers who put themselves out there because they love what they do .	1
whether or not ram dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .	1
scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . yes , soar .	1
thoughtful , provocative and entertaining .	1
if you can tolerate the redneck-versus-blueblood cliches that the film trades in , sweet home alabama is diverting in the manner of jeff foxworthy's stand-up act .	1
the engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion .	1
a lighthearted , feel-good film that embraces the time-honored truth that the most powerful thing in life is love .	1
for all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between sullivan and his son .	1
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who's ever waited in a doctor's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .	1
it's definitely a step in the right direction .	1
baran is shockingly devoid of your typical majid majidi shoe-loving , crippled children .	1
romanek keeps the film constantly taut . . . reflecting the character's instability with a metaphorical visual style and an unnerving , heartbeat-like score .	1
a remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .	1
nothing is sacred in this gut-buster .	1
the cast . . . keeps this pretty watchable , and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired .	1
not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral--and , hence , more chillingly effective .	1
very solid , very watchable first feature for director peter sheridan	1
grainy photography mars an otherwise delightful comedy of errors .	1
the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it's as if it all happened only yesterday .	1
a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession – one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom .	1
vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .	1
this is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer .	1
the performances are uniformly good .	1
with or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , told well by a master storyteller	1
the movie does a good job of laying out some of the major issues that we encounter as we journey through life .	1
a triumph of art direction over narrative , but what art direction !	1
a portrait of hell so shattering it's impossible to shake .	1
it's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage .	1
a charming romantic comedy that is by far the lightest dogme film and among the most enjoyable .	1
tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham .	1
" home movie " is the film equivalent of a lovingly rendered coffee table book .	1
everything about the quiet american is good , except its timing .	1
it's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair .	1
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting isn't , either , and you wouldn't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ?	1
jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera's drama and lyricism .	1
all the filmmakers are asking of us , is to believe in something that is improbable .	1
bright seems alternately amused and disgusted with this material , and he can't help throwing in a few of his own touches .	1
may seriously impair your ability to ever again maintain a straight face while speaking to a highway patrolman .	1
how i killed my father would be a rarity in hollywood . it's an actor's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters -- including the supporting ones .	1
with lesser talents , high crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable . with freeman and judd , i'll at least remember their characters .	1
with amazing finesse , the film shadows heidi's trip back to vietnam and the city where her mother , mai thi kim , still lives .	1
a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002's first great film	1
if the film's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .	1
williams plays sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen , like the killer in insomnia . he does this so well you don't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .	1
ms . seigner and mr . serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters .	1
' . . . a great , participatory spectator sport . '	1
effectively feeds our senses with the chilling sights and sounds from within the camp to create a completely numbing experience .	1
anchored by friel and williams's exceptional performances , the film's power lies in its complexity . nothing is black and white .	1
an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds .	1
harmless fun .	1
inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .	1
director alfonso cuaron gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films .	1
in the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters — damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .	1
. . . a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing .	1
by the end of the movie , you're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .	1
dark and unrepentant , this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten .	1
there are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness .	1
a film of precious increments artfully camouflaged as everyday activities .	1
what makes how i killed my father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is fontaine's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .	1
as shaky as the plot is , kaufman's script is still memorable for some great one-liners .	1
salma goes native and she's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon .	1
even if you don't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .	1
if you haven't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg's work . much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments . . .	1
about schmidt is nicholson's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear .	1
emerges as something rare , an issue movie that's so honest and keenly observed that it doesn't feel like one .	1
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment .	1
the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness .	1
i've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and i recommend it for its originality alone .	1
director david jacobson gives dahmer a consideration that the murderer never game his victims .	1
you may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject .	1
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause .	1
in my opinion , analyze that is not as funny or entertaining as analyze this , but it is a respectable sequel .	1
made for teens and reviewed as such , this is recommended only for those under 20 years of age . . . and then only as a very mild rental .	1
a clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .	1
what distinguishes time of favor from countless other thrillers is its underlying concern with the consequences of words and with the complicated emotions fueling terrorist acts .	1
a witty , whimsical feature debut .	1
armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud .	1
watching beanie and his gang put together his slasher video from spare parts and borrowed materials is as much fun as it must have been for them to make it .	1
the symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees . i wanted more .	1
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react .	1
( rises ) above its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism .	1
creeps you out in high style , even if nakata did it better .	1
this rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you hadn't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point .	1
it is great summer fun to watch arnold and his buddy gerald bounce off a quirky cast of characters .	1
fred schepisi's tale of four englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point .	1
schaeffer isn't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does .	1
a movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .	1
a smart , witty follow-up .	1
rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day .	1
the strong subject matter continues to shock throughout the film . not everyone will play the dark , challenging tune taught by the piano teacher .	1
arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year	1
confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk .	1
despite its flaws . . . belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .	1
the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie .	1
morvern callar confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema .	1
pan nalin's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic .	1
this movie may not have the highest production values you've ever seen , but it's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .	1
lasker's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther . . . realize they can't get no satisfaction without the latter .	1
more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director's previous films .	1
the storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema .	1
late marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love .	1
unlike the nauseating fictions peddled by such 'have-yourself-a-happy-little-holocaust' movies as life is beautiful and jakob the liar , the grey zone is honest enough to deny the possibility of hope in auschwitz .	1
a dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater provides .	1
hands down the year's most thought-provoking film . but it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship .	1
twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .	1
the lady and the duke is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats' perspective .	1
canada's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people .	1
the film runs on equal parts of innocence and wisdom -- wisdom that comes with experience . it has fun being grown up .	1
morvern rocks .	1
béart and berling are both superb , while huppert . . . is magnificent .	1
a chick flick for guys .	1
the ending feels at odds with the rest of the film .	1
the enjoyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy .	1
while the story's undeniably hard to follow , iwai's gorgeous visuals seduce .	1
the hours , a delicately crafted film , is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame .	1
morton uses her face and her body language to bring us morvern's soul , even though the character is almost completely deadpan .	1
the lion king was a roaring success when it was released eight years ago , but on imax it seems better , not just bigger .	1
jirí hubac's script is a gem . his characters are engaging , intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving . the scope of the silberstein family is large and we grow attached to their lives , full of strength , warmth and vitality . .	1
one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie .	1
it'll keep you wide awake and . . . very tense .	1
the kind of primal storytelling that george lucas can only dream of .	1
it's fascinating to see how bettany and mcdowell play off each other .	1
the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film's problems .	1
allen's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal .	1
a small movie with a big heart .	1
a gripping drama .	1
there's really only one good idea in this movie , but the director runs with it and presents it with an unforgettable visual panache .	1
broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary . he thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject .	1
imagine a scenario where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson's far side humor	1
it may sound like a mere disease-of- the-week tv movie , but a song for martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses seldahl and wollter .	1
whatever complaints i might have , i'd take [its] earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor's club any time .	1
an ambitious 'what if ? ' that works .	1
'easily my choice for one of the year's best films . '	1
a model of what films like this should be like .	1
at just over an hour , home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .	1
there is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out .	1
a perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy .	1
campanella's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael's evolution .	1
even with all its botches , enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment .	1
it may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie's most admirable quality	1
an enjoyable above average summer diversion .	1
fun and nimble .	1
family portrait of need , neurosis and nervy negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking .	1
if you're not into the pokemon franchise , this fourth animated movie in four years won't convert you -- or even keep your eyes open . but fans should have fun meeting a brand-new pokemon called celebi .	1
twenty years later , e . t . is still a cinematic touchstone .	1
it's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can .	1
exciting documentary .	1
it represents better-than-average movie-making that doesn't demand a dumb , distracted audience .	1
the lady and the duke is eric rohmer's economical antidote to the bloated costume drama	1
a macabre and very stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters .	1
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it's informative and breathtakingly spectacular .	1
an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind	1
director rob marshall went out gunning to make a great one .	1
what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .	1
claude chabrol's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .	1
brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life's harshness .	1
the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years .	1
the film's snags and stumblings are more than compensated for by its wryly subversive tone .	1
a psychic journey deep into the very fabric of iranian . . . life .	1
a soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes . . . almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination .	1
a winning and wildly fascinating work .	1
an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it didn't try to .	1
it is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise .	1
enormously likable , partly because it is aware of its own grasp of the absurd .	1
steers has an unexpectedly adamant streak of warm-blooded empathy for all his disparate manhattan denizens--especially the a * * holes .	1
elvira fans could hardly ask for more .	1
though it's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves .	1
rare is the 'urban comedy' that even attempts the insight and honesty of this disarming indie .	1
what 'dumb and dumber' would have been without the vulgarity and with an intelligent , life-affirming script .	1
a highly intriguing thriller , coupled with some ingenious plot devices and some lavishly built settings . . it's a worthwhile tutorial in quantum physics and slash-dash	1
a very well-made , funny and entertaining picture .	1
i know that i'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again	1
. . . a solid , unassuming drama .	1
'blue crush' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award .	1
the heat of the moment prevails . it cooks conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle .	1
maggie smith as the ya-ya member with the o2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .	1
there's no reason to miss interview with the assassin	1
it's a refreshing change from the self-interest and paranoia that shape most american representations of castro .	1
between them , de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .	1
triumph of love is a very silly movie , but the silliness has a pedigree .	1
in spite of good housekeeping's unsavory characters and wwf mentality , this white trash war of the roses is a surprisingly engaging film .	1
. . . a trashy little bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances and a bewildering sense of self-importance	1
each punch seen through prison bars , the fights become not so much a struggle of man vs . man as brother-man vs . the man .	1
excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama .	1
in its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as jiri menzel's closely watched trains and danis tanovic's no man's land .	1
a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us .	1
it uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film . the result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .	1
i just loved every minute of this film .	1
the acting , costumes , music , cinematography and sound are all astounding given the production's austere locales .	1
so beautifully acted and directed , it's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .	1
be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense . the ring never lets you off the hook .	1
despite its faults , gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .	1
isabelle huppert excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol's most intense psychological mysteries .	1
if [jaglom's] latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing .	1
steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture .	1
if cinema had been around to capture the chaos of france in the 1790's , one imagines the result would look like something like this .	1
it remains to be seen whether statham can move beyond the crime-land action genre , but then again , who says he has to ?	1
the movie has an infectious exuberance that will engage anyone with a passing interest in the skate/surf culture , the l . a . beach scene and the imaginative ( and sometimes illegal ) ways kids can make a playground out of the refuse of adults .	1
os universos de chuck barris e charlie kaufman são complementares . e igualmente fascinantes .	1
[reno] delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion .	1
by its modest , straight-ahead standards , undisputed scores a direct hit .	1
with rabbit-proof fence , noyce has tailored an epic tale into a lean , economical movie .	1
has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they're not interested .	1
exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .	1
a fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries .	1
evokes a little of the fear that parents have for the possible futures of their children--and the sometimes bad choices mothers and fathers make in the interests of doing them good .	1
young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .	1
though everything might be literate and smart , it never took off and always seemed static .	1
much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be .	1
there are problems with this film that even 3 oscar winners can't overcome , but it's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling .	1
fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for .	1
collateral damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it weren't .	1
occasionally melodramatic , it's also extremely effective .	1
i'd watch these two together again in a new york minute .	1
byler reveals his characters in a way that intrigues and even fascinates us , and he never reduces the situation to simple melodrama .	1
a modest masterpiece .	1
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching .	1
an 83 minute document of a project which started in a muddle , seesawed back and forth between controlling interests multiple times , then found its sweet spot	1
a good piece of work more often than not .	1
the movie has a soft , percolating magic , a deadpan suspense .	1
'alice's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures .	1
though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .	1
there has been much puzzlement among critics about what the election symbolizes . i believe the message is in the messenger : the agent is a woman .	1
you wouldn't call the good girl a date movie ( an anti-date movie is more like it ) , but when it's good , it's good and horrid .	1
the film belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public	1
hip-hop has a history , and it's a metaphor for this love story .	1
once the downward spiral comes to pass , auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera . . .	1
an escapist confection that's pure entertainment .	1
a solidly entertaining little film .	1
it will not appeal to the impatient , but those who like long books and movies will admire the way it accumulates power and depth .	1
ao sair do cinema , eu estava feliz e com saudades de um tempo em que , para mim , a existência de papai noel era um fato inquestionável .	1
for those in search of something different , wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .	1
despite its shortcomings , girls can't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre .	1
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences . . . and it's all the stronger because of it .	1
daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails .	1
writer/director walter hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable .	1
. . . a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .	1
that storytelling has value cannot be denied . not even solondz's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .	1
the terrific and bewilderingly underrated campbell scott gives a star performance that is nothing short of mesmerizing .	1
maybe thomas wolfe was right : you can't go home again .	1
maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor .	1
how good this film might be , depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not .	1
[schweiger is] talented and terribly charismatic , qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists .	1
drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .	1
cuts right through the b . s . giving a big middle-fingered " shut up " to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta one another .	1
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either doesn't notice when his story ends or just can't tear himself away from the characters -- but it's smooth and professional .	1
it's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .	1
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but " spider-man " certainly delivers the goods .	1
an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama .	1
earns its laughs from stock redneck 'types' and from the many , many moments when we recognize even without the elizabethan prose , the play behind the thing .	1
a sensitive and astute first feature by anne-sophie birot .	1
a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself .	1
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship .	1
. . . takes the beauty of baseball and melds it with a story that could touch anyone regardless of their familiarity with the sport	1
the film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor .	1
a psychological thriller with a smart script and an obsessive-compulsive's attention to detail .	1
. . . is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .	1
an engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just who's being conned right up to the finale .	1
jacquot's tosca is a treat .	1
a solid , psychological action film from hong kong .	1
the kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati .	1
while its careful pace and seemingly opaque story may not satisfy every moviegoer's appetite , the film's final scene is soaringly , transparently moving .	1
the film has a kind of hard , cold effect .	1
gives an intriguing twist to the french coming-of-age genre .	1
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task .	1
polished , well-structured film .	1
an estrogen opera so intensely feminine that it serves as the antidote ( and cannier doppelganger ) to diesel's xxx flex-a-thon .	1
majidi's direction has never been smoother or more confident .	1
i'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls	1
it may be about drug dealers , kidnapping , and unsavory folks , but the tone and pacing are shockingly intimate .	1
this film puts wang at the forefront of china's sixth generation of film makers .	1
a chilling movie without oppressive gore .	1
[grant's] bumbling magic takes over the film , and it turns out to be another winning star vehicle .	1
true tale of courage -- and complicity -- at auschwitz is a harrowing drama that tries to tell of the unspeakable .	1
. . . either you're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept or you're not .	1
combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that's not merely about kicking undead * * * , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption .	1
effective in all its aspects , margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken .	1
by turns very dark and very funny .	1
frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .	1
a deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .	1
liotta put on 30 pounds for the role , and has completely transformed himself from his smooth , goodfellas image .	1
it's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated . just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians , another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective .	1
fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough .	1
it may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but i enjoyed barbershop . it's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .	1
as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , sex with strangers is a success .	1
if you're in the mood for a bollywood film , here's one for you .	1
a sexy , surprising romance . . . idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair . . . their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger .	1
adaptation is simply brilliant .	1
much monkeyfun for all .	1
the strength of the film comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .	1
there's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .	1
worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees .	1
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms .	1
. . . breathes surprising new life into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity to its not-so-stock characters .	1
cusack's just brilliant in this .	1
sayles has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now . . . and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .	1
tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .	1
the film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality .	1
allen's funniest and most likeable movie in years .	1
it's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty .	1
director andrew niccol . . . demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame . his healthy sense of satire is light and fun . . . .	1
morton deserves an oscar nomination .	1
maybe it's just because this past year has seen the release of some of the worst film comedies in decades . . . but honestly , analyze that really isn't all that bad .	1
this illuminating documentary transcends our preconceived vision of the holy land and its inhabitants , revealing the human complexities beneath .	1
it's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it's also pretty funny .	1
energetic and boldly provocative .	1
the best revenge may just be living well because this film , unlike other dumas adaptations , is far more likened to a treasure than a lengthy jail sentence .	1
tsai ming-liang's ghosts are painfully aware of their not-being .	1
anyone who's ever suffered under a martinet music instructor has no doubt fantasized about what an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved . these people are really going to love the piano teacher .	1
as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago . . . has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency .	1
worth the effort to watch .	1
much of what we see is horrible but it's also undeniably exceedingly clever .	1
hollywood ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless .	1
takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze .	1
[woo's] most resonant film since the killer .	1
performances are potent , and the women's stories are ably intercut and involving .	1
we know the plot's a little crazy , but it held my interest from start to finish .	1
the series' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent , as do the girls' amusing personalities .	1
for the first two-thirds of this sparklingly inventive and artful , always fast and furious tale , kids will go happily along for the ride .	1
highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role .	1
as allen's execution date closes in , the documentary gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator david presson .	1
drug abuse , infidelity and death aren't usually comedy fare , but turpin's film allows us to chuckle through the angst .	1
terrific casting and solid execution give all three stories life .	1
a remarkable 179-minute meditation on the nature of revolution .	1
as i settled into my world war ii memories , i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .	1
. . . one of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers i've seen in quite a long time .	1
there's a lot to recommend read my lips .	1
an uncomfortable experience , but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema .	1
everything you loved about it in 1982 is still there , for everybody who wants to be a kid again , or show it to their own kids .	1
sharp , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film .	1
it's hard to imagine anybody ever being " in the mood " to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , but it's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it's started .	1
if your senses haven't been dulled by slasher films and gorefests , if you're a connoisseur of psychological horror , this is your ticket .	1
blade ii merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew .	1
it's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout .	1
worth a look as a curiosity .	1
a biopic about crane's life in the classic tradition but evolves into what has become of us all in the era of video .	1
there is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all . paul cox needed to show it . it is up to you to decide if you need to see it .	1
a wry , affectionate delight .	1
chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of 'ethnic cleansing . '	1
half submarine flick , half ghost story , all in one criminally neglected film	1
more timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .	1
what sets this romantic comedy apart from most hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material .	1
the special effects and many scenes of weightlessness look as good or better than in the original , while the oscar-winning sound and james horner's rousing score make good use of the hefty audio system .	1
an hour and a half of joyful solo performance .	1
a refreshingly authentic coming-of-age tale .	1
see scratch for the history , see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .	1
it's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie , but it's entertaining enough and worth a look .	1
what bloody sunday lacks in clarity , it makes up for with a great , fiery passion .	1
does what a fine documentary does best : it extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world , then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively .	1
in the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest .	1
. . . the first 2/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor . . .	1
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for gai's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her .	1
a penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic .	1
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances .	1
can i admit xxx is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure ?	1
a colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .	1
texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare .	1
the re-release of ron howard's apollo 13 in the imax format proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages .	1
it's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems . but on the whole , you're gonna like this movie .	1
a meatier deeper beginning and/or ending would have easily tipped this film into the " a " range , as is , it's a very very strong " b+ . " i love the robust middle of this picture .	1
it's worth seeing just on the basis of the wisdom , and at times , the startling optimism , of the children .	1
who is the audience for cletis tout ? anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed .	1
the film's messages of tolerance and diversity aren't particularly original , but one can't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters .	1
not a cozy or ingratiating work , but it's challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting , and those are reasons enough to see it .	1
the movie is a blast of educational energy , as bouncy animation and catchy songs escort you through the entire 85 minutes .	1
an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view .	1
it's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .	1
this odd , distant portuguese import more or less borrows from bad lieutenant and les vampires , and comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film .	1
the events of the film are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next .	1
audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .	1
a grimly competent and stolid and earnest military courtroom drama .	1
a movie that will touch the hearts of both children and adults , as well as bring audiences to the edge of their seats .	1
the film delivers what it promises : a look at the " wild ride " that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans .	1
the film's gamble to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter .	1
there's a vastness implied in metropolis that is just breathtaking .	1
the movie is beautiful to behold and engages one in a sense of epic struggle -- inner and outer -- that's all too rare in hollywood's hastier productions .	1
a devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism .	1
it's still adam sandler , and it's not little nicky . and for many of us , that's good enough .	1
i'm not a fan of the phrase 'life affirming' because it usually means 'schmaltzy , ' but real women have curves truly is life affirming .	1
it's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing .	1
parker cannot sustain the buoyant energy level of the film's city beginnings into its country conclusion	1
the story feels more like a serious read , filled with heavy doses of always enticing sayles dialogue .	1
try as you might to resist , if you've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson , this movie will worm its way there .	1
the best movie of its kind since 'brazil . ' lucas , take notes . this is how you use special effects .	1
piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling .	1
if you like peace , you'll like promises .	1
" extreme ops " exceeds expectations . good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .	1
if we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like tim mccann's revolution no . 9 .	1
this is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope .	1
hayek is stunning as frida and . . . a star-making project .	1
a love for films shines through each frame and the era is recreated with obvious affection , scored to perfection with some tasty boogaloo beats .	1
ultimately , the message of trouble every day seems to be that all sexual desire disrupts life's stasis .	1
jones . . . makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $1 . 8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .	1
the story and structure are well-honed . fresnadillo's dark and jolting images have a way of plying into your subconscious like the nightmare you had a week ago that won't go away .	1
suffice to say that after seeing this movie in imax form , you'll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of tom hanks' face than his wife is .	1
it's traditional moviemaking all the way , but it's done with a lot of careful period attention as well as some very welcome wit .	1
in the end , punch-drunk love is one of those films that i wanted to like much more than i actually did . sometimes , that's enough .	1
apesar de seus graves problemas , o filme consegue entreter .	1
this is human comedy at its most amusing , interesting and confirming .	1
a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe .	1
duvall is strong as always .	1
nothing's at stake , just a twisty double-cross you can smell a mile away--still , the derivative nine queens is lots of fun .	1
" frailty " offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies . and , there's no way you won't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .	1
its maker , steven spielberg , hasn't had so much fun in two decades , since he was schlepping indiana jones around the globe in search of a giant misplaced ashtray .	1
[a] thoughtful , visually graceful work .	1
a frustrating yet deeply watchable melodrama that makes you think it's a tougher picture than it is .	1
director kapur is a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure , and this is a better film than his earlier english-language movie , the overpraised elizabeth .	1
just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing .	1
an awfully good , achingly human picture .	1
in a summer overrun with movies dominated by cgi aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .	1
complex , affecting and uniquely almodóvar , the film evokes strong emotions and pushes viewers to question their deepest notions of moral right and wrong .	1
one of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm .	1
were it not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about cal than does the movie or the character any good , freundlich's world traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising american movies of the year .	1
a visionary marvel , but it's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this .	1
even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm .	1
meeting , even exceeding expectations , it's the best sequel since the empire strikes back . . . a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .	1
the sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- shines through every frame .	1
haynes has so fanatically fetishized every bizarre old-movie idiosyncrasy with such monastic devotion you're not sure if you should applaud or look into having him committed .	1
an impressive hybrid .	1
. . . best seen as speculative history , as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse as a creative sequel to the warren report .	1
for the most part , the film does hold up pretty well .	1
visits spy-movie territory like a novel you can't put down , examines a footnote to history seldom brought to light on the screen , and keeps you guessing from first frame to last .	1
often overwrought and at times positively irritating , the film turns into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself .	1
the ring is worth a look , if you don't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your halloween entertainment .	1
davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy .	1
the most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from portugal .	1
a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers .	1
adam sandler ! in an art film !	1
an undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that's what makes it worth a recommendation .	1
. . . a poignant and powerful narrative that reveals that reading writing and arithmetic are not the only subjects to learn in life .	1
a thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation .	1
k 19 stays afloat as decent drama/action flick	1
neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .	1
a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional .	1
cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky's diaries .	1
the performances take the movie to a higher level .	1
as gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be , they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting .	1
the movie , despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing .	1
lightweight but appealing .	1
. . . the implication is kissinger may have decided that — when it comes to truncheoning — it's better to give than to receive .	1
unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling .	1
you should pay nine bucks for this : because you can hear about suffering afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected . dramas like this make it human .	1
this is a superior horror flick .	1
the film gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection .	1
poetry in motion captured on film . while it can be a bit repetitive , overall it's an entertaining and informative documentary .	1
in the new release of cinema paradiso , the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .	1
it is intensely personal and yet -- unlike quills -- deftly shows us the temper of the times .	1
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , however , robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .	1
a portrait of an artist .	1
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant .	1
like old myths and wonder tales spun afresh .	1
the case is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause .	1
it's clear that mehta simply wanted to update her beloved genre for the thousands of indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent .	1
a sports movie with action that's exciting on the field and a story you care about off it .	1
even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .	1
subversive , meditative , clinical and poetic , the piano teacher is a daring work of genius .	1
even with all those rough edges safely sanded down , the american insomnia is still pretty darned good .	1
baby-faced renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within .	1
the comedy makes social commentary more palatable .	1
becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters .	1
a twisty , moody slice of southern gothic . . .	1
it's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space .	1
a movie that will wear you out and make you misty even when you don't want to be .	1
will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .	1
it's a hoot and a half , and a great way for the american people to see what a candidate is like when he's not giving the same 15-cent stump speech .	1
waydowntown is by no means a perfect film , but its boasts a huge charm factor and smacks of originality .	1
berry's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making " die another day " one of the most entertaining bonds in years	1
hugh grant , who has a good line in charm , has never been more charming than in about a boy .	1
though the controversial korean filmmaker's latest effort is not for all tastes , it offers gorgeous imagery , effective performances , and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding .	1
an elegant , exquisitely modulated psychological thriller .	1
may lack the pungent bite of its title , but it's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless .	1
norton is magnetic as graham .	1
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness , but thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments .	1
while cherish doesn't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem .	1
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale's tale -- you won't be sorry !	1
the graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real .	1
the fly-on-the-wall method used to document rural french school life is a refreshing departure from the now more prevalent technique of the docu-makers being a visible part of their work .	1
fisher has bared his soul and confronted his own shortcomings here in a way . . . that feels very human and very true to life .	1
a crisp psychological drama [and] a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old " twilight zone " episode .	1
white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that doesn't mean you won't like looking at it .	1
although shot with little style , skins is heartfelt and achingly real .	1
garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you'll want things to work out .	1
the wanton slipperiness of * corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .	1
much of the lady and the duke is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes .	1
if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities lagaan really is enormously good fun .	1
desta vez , columbus capturou o pomo de ouro .	1
it's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast .	1
it's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that hollywood too rarely provides .	1
yeah , these flicks are just that damn good . isn't it great ?	1
gangs , despite the gravity of its subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western .	1
whether kiss is a future cult classic or destined to be completely forgotten is open to question , but the risk-takers in the crowd should check it out and form their own opinion .	1
both flawed and delayed , martin scorcese's gangs of new york still emerges as his most vital work since goodfellas .	1
return to never land is reliable , standard disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .	1
the locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches . the story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic .	1
diggs and lathan are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film .	1
best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events . those seeking a definitive account of eisenstein's life would do better elsewhere .	1
confounding because it solemnly advances a daringly preposterous thesis . acting cannot be acted .	1
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible . that , in itself , is extraordinary .	1
lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child's interest and an adult's patience . but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming .	1
an experience so engrossing it is like being buried in a new environment .	1
a lean , deftly shot , well-acted , weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of '60s and '70s european-set spy pictures .	1
[the digital effects] reminded me of terry gilliam's rudimentary old monty python cartoons , in which he would cut out figures from drawings and photographs and paste them together .	1
biggie and tupac is so single-mindedly daring , it puts far more polished documentaries to shame .	1
despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .	1
an incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams .	1
funny but perilously slight .	1
though filmed partly in canada , paid in full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years .	1
this is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .	1
a classy item by a legend who may have nothing left to prove but still has the chops and drive to show how its done .	1
although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse , the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .	1
a gem of a movie .	1
a live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze .	1
a fast-moving and remarkable film that appears destined to become a landmark in japanese animation .	1
what's infuriating about full frontal is that it's too close to real life to make sense . what's invigorating about it is that it doesn't give a damn .	1
it's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids .	1
" brown sugar " admirably aspires to be more than another " best man " clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .	1
an emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema .	1
there is no denying the power of polanski's film . . .	1
a modestly made but profoundly moving documentary .	1
the first bond movie in ages that isn't fake fun .	1
ratliff's two previous titles , plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon .	1
vera has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores .	1
the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .	1
while [roman coppola] scores points for style , he staggers in terms of story .	1
a movie that sends you out of the theater feeling like you've actually spent time living in another community .	1
an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular .	1
a heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .	1
even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .	1
'barbershop " is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .	1
made-up lampoons the moviemaking process itself , while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on america's skin-deep notions of pulchritude .	1
pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance .	1
the draw [for " big bad love " ] is a solid performance by arliss howard .	1
this is such a dazzlingly self-assured directorial debut that it's hard to know what to praise first .	1
an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance .	1
move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel .	1
a " black austin powers ? " i prefer to think of it as " pootie tang with a budget . " sa da tay !	1
those who aren't put off by the film's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them .	1
often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it's very much like life itself .	1
absorbing character study by andré turpin .	1
a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .	1
gran historia sobre el amor , la familia , la lealtad y la traición que seguramente se convertirá en un nuevo clásico del género .	1
although fairly involving as far as it goes , the film doesn't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything .	1
even if invincible is not quite the career peak that the pianist is for roman polanski , it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .	1
do we really need a 77-minute film to tell us exactly why a romantic relationship between a 15-year-old boy and a 40-year-old woman doesn't work ?	1
a film of delicate interpersonal dances . caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose . it's a sight to behold .	1
murder by numbers' isn't a great movie , but it's a perfectly acceptable widget .	1
as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children's entertainment . you'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids .	1
if director michael dowse only superficially understands his characters , he doesn't hold them in contempt .	1
if you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore , you'll see del toro has brought unexpected gravity to blade ii .	1
the pianist is polanski's best film .	1
foster breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill .	1
if you're in the right b-movie frame of mind , it may just scare the pants off you .	1
ya-yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film .	1
. . . a weak , manipulative , pencil-thin story that is miraculously able to entertain anyway .	1
one of the finest , most humane and important holocaust movies ever made .	1
ong's promising debut is a warm and well-told tale of one recent chinese immigrant's experiences in new york city .	1
goes a long way on hedonistic gusto .	1
a mess , but it's a sincere mess .	1
both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement .	1
the story's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and mr . day-lewis roars with leonine power .	1
a very capable nailbiter .	1
even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .	1
defies logic , the laws of physics and almost anyone's willingness to believe in it . but darned if it doesn't also keep us riveted to our seats .	1
spider-man is in the same category as x-men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around .	1
like its new england characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial , the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness .	1
playfully profound . . . and crazier than michael jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery surrounded by open windows .	1
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest .	1
many insightful moments .	1
the auteur's ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug .	1
[a] superbly controlled , passionate adaptation of graham greene's 1955 novel .	1
one of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time .	1
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time .	1
the attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way .	1
a warm , funny , engaging film .	1
ice cube holds the film together with an engaging and warm performance . . .	1
if a big musical number like 'praise the lord , he's the god of second chances' doesn't put you off , this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .	1
the magic ( and original running time ) of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki's spirited away survives intact in bv's re-voiced version .	1
an absorbing and unsettling psychological drama .	1
if you ignore the cliches and concentrate on city by the sea's interpersonal drama , it ain't half-bad .	1
examines its explosive subject matter as nonjudgmentally as wiseman's previous studies of inner-city high schools , hospitals , courts and welfare centers .	1
it's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all .	1
a pleasant ramble through the sort of idoosyncratic terrain that errol morris has often dealt with . . . it does possess a loose , lackadaisical charm .	1
here polanski looks back on those places he saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact , and by showing them heartbreakingly drably .	1
terrific as nadia , a russian mail-order bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english , it's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .	1
at once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious .	1
murderous maids may well be the most comprehensive of these films and also strike closest to the truth .	1
an eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , 'spy kids 2' is a visual treat for all audiences .	1
yes , it's as good as you remember . in fact , even better .	1
all three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .	1
it ain't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains .	1
even though the film doesn't manage to hit all of its marks , it's still entertaining to watch the target practice .	1
this is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .	1
like a precious and finely cut diamond , magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it's one tough rock .	1
it is so refreshing to see robin williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and sappy fiascoes he's been making for the last several years .	1
an almost unbearably morbid love story .	1
merci pour le movie .	1
an endlessly fascinating , landmark movie that is as bold as anything the cinema has seen in years .	1
a perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive , easily forgettable film .	1
for anyone who remembers the '60s or is interested in one man's response to stroke , ram dass : fierce grace is worth seeking out .	1
'stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall's intense freight train of a film . '	1
that old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar .	1
from the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .	1
strip it of all its excess debris , and you'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie . as it is , it's too long and unfocused .	1
" 13 conversations " holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point .	1
even if you don't know the band or the album's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century .	1
a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise .	1
meyjes' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil .	1
its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story .	1
merchant effectively translates naipaul's lively mix of characters from the page to screen .	1
the cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story .	1
the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .	1
the camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .	1
an involving true story of a chinese actor who takes up drugs and winds up in an institution--acted mostly by the actual people involved .	1
it may not be history – but then again , what if it is ? – but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i've had in a while .	1
hardly an objective documentary , but it's great cinematic polemic . . . love moore or loathe him , you've got to admire . . . the intensity with which he's willing to express his convictions .	1
reggio and glass put on an intoxicating show .	1
whether or not you buy mr . broomfield's findings , the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr . broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .	1
those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give " scratch " a second look .	1
the movie is . . . very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .	1
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme doesn't drag an audience down .	1
beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .	1
some movies blend together as they become distant memories . mention " solaris " five years from now and i'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share .	1
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers .	1
its mysteries are transparently obvious , and it's too slowly paced to be a thriller . [but it's] worth recommending because of two marvelous performances by michael caine and brendan fraser .	1
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite . it's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones .	1
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film .	1
an old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue .	1
a wild , endearing , masterful documentary .	1
we want the funk - and this movie's got it .	1
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that doesn't always jell with sean penn's monotone narration , but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it .	1
a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions .	1
a coming-of-age movie that hollywood wouldn't have the guts to make .	1
though this film can be clumsy , its ambitions are equally -- and admirably -- uncommercial .	1
you won't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies .	1
byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle . instead , he focuses on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground .	1
goofy , nutty , consistently funny . and educational !	1
mana gives us compelling , damaged characters who we want to help -- or hurt .	1
a breezy romantic comedy that has the punch of a good sitcom , while offering exceptionally well-detailed characters .	1
the plot twists give i am trying to break your heart an attraction it desperately needed .	1
the word that comes to mind , while watching eric rohmer's tribute to a courageous scottish lady , is painterly .	1
insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion . but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .	1
poignant and moving , a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .	1
vera's three actors -- mollà , gil and bardem -- excel in insightful , empathetic performances .	1
it is a likable story , told with competence .	1
though mama takes a bit too long to find its rhythm and a third-act plot development is somewhat melodramatic , its ribald humor and touching nostalgia are sure to please anyone in search of a jules and jim for the new millennium .	1
the film grows on you . and how .	1
this may be dover kosashvili's feature directing debut , but it looks an awful lot like life -- gritty , awkward and ironic .	1
this examination of aquatic life off the shores of the baja california peninsula of mexico offers an engrossing way to demonstrate the virtues of the imax format .	1
smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .	1
a surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of hollywood's comic-book adaptations .	1
the whole is quite entertaining , but despite its virtues , there is an unsettled feeling to the film .	1
several degrees shy of the gross-out contests one expects from current teen fare .	1
it picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .	1
spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don' t know an orc from a uruk-hai .	1
adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel .	1
from its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale , martin is a masterfully conducted work .	1
a captivating new film .	1
generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .	1
humorous and heartfelt , douglas mcgrath's version of 'nicholas nickleby' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful . not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .	1
it's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .	1
proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they can't go wrong . better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh . an excellent sequel .	1
this is a happy throwback to the time when cartoons were cinema's most idiosyncratic form instead of one of its most predictable .	1
with the film's striking ending , one realizes that we have a long way to go before we fully understand all the sexual permutations involved .	1
ana's journey is not a stereotypical one of self-discovery , as she's already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her rubenesque physique . . .	1
a breathtaking adventure for all ages , spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .	1
there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch .	1
thrilling , provocative and darkly funny , this timely sci-fi mystery works on so many different levels that it not only invites , it demands repeated viewings .	1
in all , this is a watchable movie that's not quite the memorable experience it might have been .	1
[anderson] uses a hit-or-miss aesthetic that hits often enough to keep the film entertaining even if none of it makes a lick of sense .	1
. . . there are enough moments of heartbreaking honesty to keep one glued to the screen .	1
[an] hilarious romantic comedy .	1
a thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses grant's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos .	1
nothing denis has made before , like beau travil and nenette et boni , could prepare us for this gory , perverted , sex-soaked riff on the cannibal genre .	1
even if the ring has a familiar ring , it's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror .	1
a subtle and well-crafted ( for the most part ) chiller .	1
essentially an exceptionally well-written , well-edited , well-directed , well-acted , bald rip-off of aliens .	1
while the path may be familiar , first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting .	1
thankfully , the film , which skirts that rapidly deteriorating line between fantasy and reality . . . takes a tongue-in-cheek attitude even as it pushes the croc hunter agenda .	1
definitely funny stuff , but it's more of the 'laughing at' variety than the 'laughing with . '	1
a gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost .	1
at a time when half the so-called real movies are little more than live-action cartoons , it's refreshing to see a cartoon that knows what it is , and knows the form's history .	1
a depressing confirmation of everything those of us who don't object to the description " unelected " have suspected all along : george w . bush is an incurious , uncharismatic , overgrown frat boy with a mean streak a mile wide .	1
humorous , artsy , and even cute , in an off-kilter , dark , vaguely disturbing way .	1
in a normal screen process , these bromides would be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the discovery channel . but in imax 3-d , the clichés disappear into the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography .	1
a weird and wonderful comedy .	1
a french film with a more down-home flavor .	1
has its share of arresting images .	1
